Ferzin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 0
Jerfi Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Toprak is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Canipek Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Er is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Janbek Cebeci is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Eğmen Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 174
Acer Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asiye Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 50
Erk Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ishak Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Gunes is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Dilbirin Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Layza Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Bayrak is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Kavin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gavsi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Gencaslan Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygül Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgat Er is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Meral Yuksel is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Gihev Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Akpinar is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Figen Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 754
Eyşan Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kafiye Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azad Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Bergen Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahir Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecri Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Karakas is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Aytekin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Palu.
Balkiz Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamiyet Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 934
Göçmen Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 494
Derin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Sarac is leaving from branch: Palu.
Gelenay Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardem Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankat Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
Azmi Kaya is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Gavsi Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Bahariye Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mayra Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadice Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Aytac is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Faik Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Himmet Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Ekinci is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Acem Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Yasar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fakirullah Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Toker is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Dirlik Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1250
Cilvekar Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dileda Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydacan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1604
Leyli Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Aydogan is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Ecmel Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecmel Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahamra Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Taskin is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Lamiha Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Gunay is leaving from branch: Sile.
Idris Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Kocaman is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Derince Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmure Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacil Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Belen Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Celik is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Lemide Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1870
Cansel Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habil Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Yuksel is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Ildem Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Canhanım Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erna Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hikmet Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Kilic is leaving from branch: Palu.
Burç Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edaay Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Abdulrezzak Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihsan Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilmi Ucar is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Ihya Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirok Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Dag is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Celvetiye Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3190
Fenni Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Gunes is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Hadis Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iris Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abduş Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalya Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2476
Derin Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Farah Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diclehatun Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Temel is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Ceydanur Kara is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Gelincik Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Erturk is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Layike Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkut Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Insel Kilic is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Fenni Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Yildiz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Gorani Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3054
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3728
Abdülalim Tuncer is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2718
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2631
Abakay Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
Aytekin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkiz Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 3159
Isinkan Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Banu Dag is leaving from branch: Buca.
Bahriye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Lavin Yilmazer.
Gamze Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilferah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuz Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birmen Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekmeleddin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahzure Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Abad Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokben Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Mert is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Fazh Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Kose is leaving from branch: Sile.
Ildiz Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Letafet Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3768
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
Diclehatun Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eser Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Iras Demirci.
Belen Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bergen Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Seker is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Ekenel Aygun is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Kader Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Jinsal Balta is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Jutenya Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahamra Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Ermiye Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Banu Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Canfeda Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faruk Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 135
Abbas Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfiruz Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Bahiye Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ishak Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Halim Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Himmet Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Senol is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Itri Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 394
Esennur Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jutenya Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencay Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iris Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Aygun is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Hasret Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jutenya Avci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Kamelya Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Aydin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Cankat Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Canipek Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Fecir Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Gelenay Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 749
Abadın Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Farik Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huseyin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahzure Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Aleyna Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçer Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Arslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Dilkeste Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Lerzan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Hakim Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
Hizir Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Deryanur Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fer Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Mahinur Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Ilham Aktas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Havle Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derin Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2185
Abad Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Dag is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Ferhat Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecenaz Saglam is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gelincik Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihya Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1565
Havin Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırat Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Tekin is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Caneda Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Kadime Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Ilhami Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1285
Ecir Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Sahin is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2310
Berat Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İclal Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Hamza Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cazibe Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Barbaros Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Baran Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2011
Ecegül Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 5863
Feyza Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahzure Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karin Mert is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Abdulrezzak Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Demirci is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Kamuran Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Celik is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hakim Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Galibe Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adile Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekmeleddin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ajda Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalım Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Harika Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Ferah Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Lavin Yilmazer.
Ilgar Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hejmar Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekin Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Dileda Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Debernuş Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karakız Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2819
Ihlamur Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakikat Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Handan Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aylin Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ejder Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Balta is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Ecenaz Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hidayet Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Handan Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Seker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Fatih Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Erkan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Ilaydin Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahur Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Toker is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Ilgaz Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozkaya Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delal Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iraz Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destecan Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygül Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Benay Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
İkbal Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Hanedan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azad Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayhan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erk Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edaay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Lebibe Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4580
Ilkcan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Aytac is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Azmi Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hincal Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalım Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asiye Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3773
Jefi Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganimet Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habib Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Belgi Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Lavin Yilmazer.
Leylifer Duran is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Emel Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilkcan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birol Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huriye Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Lale Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
İclal Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Hamza Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Irak Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celvetiye Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Acar is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Aysun Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Habib Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gezer Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehna Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4825
Meserret Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benay Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janseli Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
Erensu Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 5186
Girin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Bera Yavuz.
Efdal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Heper Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karen Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Seker is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Enginsel Celik is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Hejmar Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faraziye Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 4660
Gazele Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Makbule Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kader Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kader Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Başağa Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Candan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Cicek is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Erkut Genc is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Mahmude Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbilge Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kardelen Cetin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Kahya Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edahses Kaya is leaving from branch: Palu.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Medar Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
Hidayet Balta is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Feza Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daim Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrar Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Acarbey Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 411
Gokberk Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makber Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Hades Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Fecir Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dal Aygun is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Jasmin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dayehatun Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Füreyya Yucel is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Germa Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 9383
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
Kavin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Aslan is leaving from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 414
Dirim Dag is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Hurol Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Iras Demirci.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Belen Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Faruk Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Tekin is leaving from branch: Sile.
Egezade Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Fakihe Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Leyli Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daltekin Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Elvan Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayat Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 435
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Haveri Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
Habib Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Furkan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lale Sari is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Fahir Elmas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Aborkar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jeyan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 12203
Destan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhunde Sarac is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
Lamiha Gunes is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Dirim Ari is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Kaniye Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Toprak is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Belgi Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Aslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Barbaros Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Abuşka Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Itri Cetin is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1024
Belgi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karaca Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Er is leaving from branch: Urla.
Hazan Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadıla Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katun Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Elmas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Gazale Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Berke Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Hazal Ucar is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 11668
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Leylak Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Baldemir Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berke Alkan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Felek Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1460
Başak Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Cilvekar Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayaz Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Layza Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2732
Bahiye Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Ozen is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Dalsar Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1354
Delfin Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Ibrahim Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Ceyhan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Kocaman is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Demirbilek Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
İlkben Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Deli Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinsal Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enhar Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Gediz Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Lavin Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isa Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Ebrar Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Jiyan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hale Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Erkut Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakihe Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1917
Firuze Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencaslan Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Lema Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 11733
Aytekin Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Alp is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Baskın Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Berkan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 12718
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Duran is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Daim Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 14845
Filinta Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Ikan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Ozturk is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Hamaset Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Hacer Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hidayet Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Kilic is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
Abakan/Abakay Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerze Seker is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Erensu Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Abuşka Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karya Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hades Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 12768
Gizer Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 12601
Mahzure Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Ozen is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Guler is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Filiz Oz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Yasar is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Gelincik Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Mengi is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Fatma Kocak is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Hanedan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larissa Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Bahtiyar Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Idris Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiyar Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 12349
Merze Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayhan Nas is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Ilhami Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Balta is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Ilgi Koc is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Hazal Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Benan Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Mengi is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Bartu Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Avci is leaving from branch: Buca.
Havle Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3686
Abad Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maya Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Cannur Sari is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Kadriye Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazi Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilla Seker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ferdi Mert is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Belen Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etkin Aktas is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Karsu Demir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Ecesoy Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jale Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Mert is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Ishak Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Jerfi Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Balta is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
İffet Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 13501
Levzi Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Kaya is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ezgi Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2602
Beliz Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Demirci is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Iknat Gunay is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Heper Arslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Celile Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 13028
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Danyal Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Er is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Layza Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayfer Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Layza Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgi Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3208
Furkan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delistan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cankut Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 13760
Feray Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 4974
Atilgan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Lİna Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Polat is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Evrensel Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Gunes is leaving from branch: Buca.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 14186
Celvetiye Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Erendil Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3763
Ildiz Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kahya Koc is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Dayahatun Aslan is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Lamia Oz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Hakverdi Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsafa Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Letafet Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Belemir Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4104
Iraz Karakas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Havin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durukan Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Kilic is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4216
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 14327
Kadife Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Gunes is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3941
Acem Karahan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Dilsozi Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 5095
Bakiye Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Genc is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Merze Aksu is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Jergar Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fazil Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Loya Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Burak Ay is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Hafsa Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iris Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatunana Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abduş Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasbek Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emetullah Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Cetin is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Irmak Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Caneda Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilkat Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Celile Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Edaay Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Balta is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Balkiz Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Kaniye Durmaz is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 12557
Açelya Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esved Kose is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ihvan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meral Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Bahise Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fitnat Polat is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Derem Kara is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Fidan Aytac is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Berat Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezgin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Duran is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Meral Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakri Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Seker is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Mahbube Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Madelet Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Balkoç Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Hamiyet Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Melodi Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Erkan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gale Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canal Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Ebubekir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Burç Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Erkan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Gencal Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Fevzi Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Erensu Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mesudane Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karina Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdal Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Elmas is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Ayvaz Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Lara Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basri Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lale Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hatice Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafize Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Cicek is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Fermani Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadriye Ucar is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Maide Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Sahin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Canaş Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Dede is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fehim Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Banu Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ecem Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Daltekin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Dilemma Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Celik is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Eğmen Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Levzi Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başar Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Hilkat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Madelet Tekin is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Başak Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenniye Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Handan Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abad Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakim Polat is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Galibe Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Hadra Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Jinmir Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ermiye Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazire Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Fahir Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Asiye Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Dalan Demirci is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamra Sarac is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 18111
Deran Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Ucar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Erinç Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baskın Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Erna Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 16721
Mayra Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyzullah Aydin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Celik is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Hamra Aksu is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Furkan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Cavlan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basri Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bilal Elmas is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Ilbas Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 18353
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 17499
Ilkcan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 16329
Hurel Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jalenur Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Edayi Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Badem Erkan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ecebay Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Jaledar Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Feleytun Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Funda Erdogan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Devrim Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamelya Gul is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 15432
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Eren Duran is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Halef Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Lİla Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Mahrem Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Hamide Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havva Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Kardem Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eceseren Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Irak Balta is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Havle Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behin Genc is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Lavinya Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Arslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Gorani Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavide Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Insel Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dijdar Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecem Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melike Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Erkut Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanife Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2570
Kayra Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abendam Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmude Aktas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Emetullah Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abay Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Davud Koc is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Celvetiye Dede is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Celile Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamide Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doruk Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Sari is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Haktan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Kayra Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Haveri Karahan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hediye Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Bahise Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinsoy Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efdal Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Berat Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Havle Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iknat Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 18954
Mahsure Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğilmez Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Can Temel is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Karya Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Kevser Gunes is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Diclehatun Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canperver Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edayi Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Ecesoy Dag is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Loya Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
Mahire Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fercan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derince Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Baharnaz Gunes is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Fadik Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hizir Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jaledar Demir is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Fermande Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Mahzure Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Diba Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Felat Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kafiye Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Abak Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Bera Yavuz.
Cannur Sari is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Gizmen Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Demiralp Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdoğan Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Kara is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Bahtiser Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Edgü Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Atilgan Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fenni Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 19714
Fahri Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deha Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gorani Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derin Karakas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gedik Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İdil Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencay Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Tekin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Demirbilek Seker is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Ilbilge Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Idris Gul is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Levzi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jergar Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habibullah Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eylem Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Buyuk is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Fahri Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezire Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deran Koc is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Kadriye Aytac is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 16522
Felek Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fer Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Abakan/Abakay Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadra Koc is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Kaymak Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Mahmure Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irmak Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Eğilmez Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Baldemir Aksu is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Baharcan Demir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Bagatur Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Leyla Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Kara is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Himmet Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abat Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Ganime Yucel is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Abdulrezzak Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecevit Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Gezer Seker is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Cezmiye Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aber Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hades Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Irtek Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Canel Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
Hafsa Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Dag is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Isinkan Temel is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Bakanay Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Deha Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Kara is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Edayi Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jefi Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Ediz Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Medar Kose is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Ceren Demir is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erinç Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ihlamur Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Mengi is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Abadın Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Hikmet Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilkat Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gerçek Genc is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Emel Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Bozkaya Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Huray Polat is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Efdal Aygun is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Hafız Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Beliz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanedan Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Fena Er is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Canalp Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokben Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hejmar Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fitnat Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Lİla Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Duran is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Daime Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Abgun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Baskın Demir is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Acarbey Duran is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Esved Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Beha Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Ilgar Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 6005
Ebubekir Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Beliz Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Dildar Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 20
Jiyan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iris Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Mahmude Guler is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Latife Ari is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Hayat Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezmiye Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Adalet Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Genc is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Dilbirin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehna Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faize Demirci is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Abdullah Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lal Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iris Saglam is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Yigit is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Emetullah Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jengar Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Dafne Akbas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Bahamra Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Ceydasu Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Layike Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Gerçek Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hayriye Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekim Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Falaz Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Aytac is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Maide Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Gencaslan Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Dag is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Ceren Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Ecegül Balta is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Delfin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Açelya Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basri Gunay is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Mefharet Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Gokberk Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Halas Aslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Abakay Elmas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Eğmen Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Seker is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Arzu Yigit is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Iknat Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Erinç Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habibullah Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuz Gul is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Atilgan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Kader Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Aydonat Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Eylem Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ferhunde Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bangu Dag is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Cahide Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Kocak is leaving from branch: Sile.
Ferruh Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Cemalnur Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Hazan Aktas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Gihev Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
Haveri Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Ilbey Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizmen Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Merzuka Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Maya Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Dilfeza Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Tuncer is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Ceren Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baha Ucar is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Iras Demirci.
Madelet Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Demir is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Ilgi Cicek is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Acar is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Bahanur Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Fenniye Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Cezire Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Bakiye Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başağa Aslan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Deryab Tuncer is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Jerfi Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçer Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1685
Inanna Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erkinay Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildiz Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Halilullah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Oz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Delfin Nas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Bera Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Arslan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Sari is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Abadan Sahin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fıda Kara is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Dilferah Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysun Oz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gani Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydonat Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elbek Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Oz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Faraziye Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canalp Aksu is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Bakinaz Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cannur Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Aysun Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Hilkat Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hiram Karakas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Iras Demirci.
Jengar Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Mert is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Ceyhan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Mahrume Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Erkinay Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Toker is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Cavide Arslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Jale Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Ay is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Ejder Dede is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Feyzullah Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Toker is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Hasibe Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baldemir Aydin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2057
Ceydanur Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharcan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Ay is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Feyza Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abat Sari is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Madelet Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Buca.
Irsat Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Alev Toprak is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fatma Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Debernuş Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Ayaz Oz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Durukan Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikan Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Edahses Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Ay is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Aybars Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Aslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Ihlamur Saglam is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Harika Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cansel Guler is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Farik Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Oz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Irsat Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Lamia Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamelya Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Alara Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahmure Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahfer Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Ecem Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanif Dag is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gencay Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Hanife Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Leman Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Destan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfeza Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Demirbilek Erkan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Faysal Mert is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Darin Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Gencal Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berat Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Ay is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Karmen Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Canfeda Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Buyuk is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Derya Kocak is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Fikret Erkan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Dilsafa Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Ganimet Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Mengi is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Kamelya Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Ari is leaving from branch: Sile.
Bahtiyar Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3786
Egezade Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Ejder Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afitap Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Birsoy Tekin is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Hanzala Gunes is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Canane Seker is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Hacil Ozen is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Edaay Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Uzun is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gerçek Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canipek Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Ay is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Dirok Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahru Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havle Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karadut Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadim Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faika Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hadis Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jasmin Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Gul is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Dildan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Heper Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Mert is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Haluk Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiye Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gamze Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Felin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Hazan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebubekir Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Ertan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçmen Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferzin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Levin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Sahin is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Ersevim Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başar Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gewez Mengi is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Fatmanur Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Fatoş Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Danyal Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Bahar Oz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Faik Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuze Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Erkinay Ozen is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Belemir Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Gazel Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delice Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Ay is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Hasibe Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meserret Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jade Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faik Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Senol is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Hayriye Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Er is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gazire Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Oz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Bahamra Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cenah Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Galibe Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acem Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lara Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Duran Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canay Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Layike Cetin is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Dede is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Abbas Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Berke Celik is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Fuzuli Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Aysel Arslan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Igdemir Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hikmet Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahru Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Debernuş Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faysal Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feray Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felin Aktas is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Heper Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Elmas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Dilaver Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1207
There is no such employee.
Ilham Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacer Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janset Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Er is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Canipek Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Kardem Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Dede is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Larasu Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jasmin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbase Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgun Guler is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Jehat Elmas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Havva Sahin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Bilal Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Akbas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Asiye Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Akbas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elvan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Ferahfeza Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Meserret Genc is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1507
Fena Alp is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Fadil Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fıda Polat is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Cavide Koc is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Bozdemir Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Aytekin Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilci Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdullah Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Adalan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Gunes is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Seker is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Balca Avci is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Hamiyet Ipek is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermande Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamuran Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Macide Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Hadis Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Acar is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Fatma Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Keriman Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Mahru Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dehan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Mert is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Balkoç Mert is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Latife Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halilullah Oz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Dilfiruz Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Banu Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgin Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Hades Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahire Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Balta is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hilkat Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Basri Yasar is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feza Avci is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Egealp Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Candan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Dag is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Tekin is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Gazire Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamer Toprak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gaye Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hades Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2466
Canipek Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balkin Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garibe Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damla Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekmeleddin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eftal Karahan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Medar Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendil Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dahiye Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Baharcan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Avci is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Fermani Yucel is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Ecegül Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Fidan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Duru Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ganime Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Mefharet Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Leyla Aslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Seker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Ikram Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belde Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izgutay Yasar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Fatih Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Karakız Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Husam Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maya Gunes is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Fatine Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Toprak is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Guler is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Leyli Kaya is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Kayra Avci is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Azmi Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Celik is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Firuze Demir is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Canane Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Koc is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berk Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felek Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Alkan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Jiyan Aksu is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Faris Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 28291
Ishak Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahtiser Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Elmas is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffur Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 27170
Hanbeğendi Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Elanaz Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Kamelya Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fer Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Dalbaş Ipek is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Afitap Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Ilci Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Oz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecir Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4222
Halide Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffar Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Ezgi Gul is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Lavanta Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cezlan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lemide Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydanur Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Abadan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Medar Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Aktas is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Fadile Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Egezade Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Temel is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Mahizar Avci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Meriç Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Arslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hazan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halas Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Ayaz Demirci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faik Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lebriz Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Karen Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Halef Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Kara is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Isa Gul is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbay Karahan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Gavsi Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Dag is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Abendam Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilbirin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Fariha Mengi is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Beha Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Er is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Cahide Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Arslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Gayret Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Layza Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Laylank Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Demirci is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Gelincik Aygun is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Fuad Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Seker is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Canela Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Meriç Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Celik is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Ecegül Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 256
Layza Kuru is dismissed from branch: Palu.
İlayda Akbas is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edra Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 207
Cihanay Sahin is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 372
Gokben Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 256
Aytekin Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 670
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
Abdülalim Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hades Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 325
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Akpinar is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Janbek Polat is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Dilay Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Gorani Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeza Taskin is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Mahiye Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kısmet Nas is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Isinkan Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Gale Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Oz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Meral Genc is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Daya Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hüdaverdi Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Abdullah Saglam is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Ermiye Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Nas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Janseli Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baran Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Duran is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Efdal Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abuşka Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 611
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Kezban Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berke Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Fikri Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ayberk Kara is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Madelet Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 466
Ceydanur Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faris Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayansel Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 986
Abdulrezzak Demir is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Cetin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fadil Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
Garabed Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Göçer Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Jiyan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Felin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildem Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayberk Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 33854
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Gunes is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Halas Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
Gazi Senol is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Madelet Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Dag is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Can Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Cavlan Senol is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Adalet Uzun is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Cenah Nas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Azmi Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Alp is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Fahri Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Celik is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Bahtiser Aydogan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Himmet Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Edayi Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Sari is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Dilsozi Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2416
Eylem Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 642
Habide Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Katun Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Ecenaz Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Yildirim is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Daim Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aziz Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katre Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Eser Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Erdoğan Seker is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Erkinay Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Erksin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Durul Kocak is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Cetin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Edra Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Hediye Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 30159
Deryanur Gunes is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Dag is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Ecesoy Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Mahibe Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebecen Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Figen Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Lemide Tekin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ferruh Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Demir is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Kader Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Acar is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Felin Toker is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Acer Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fezai Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cihanay Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Yuksel is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Polat is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Lebriz Sari is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Fatmanur Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Ilgar Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 32461
Itri Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Gizer Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Haluk Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazel Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Etkin Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Kaniye Alkan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Ebed Kuru is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Fakri Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylan Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Fakri Aydemir is leaving from branch: Sile.
Demirbilek Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1995
Jiyan Tekin is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Dal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Alkan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Deha Kara is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Faide Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kamile Sahin is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1908
Havle Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Dede is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Madelet Toprak is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Kara is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
İlkben Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ersevim Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2513
Fahri Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Ilgaz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3194
Hasibe Seker is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Merze Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 34197
Edgü Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3209
Lİna Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bengi Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Saglam is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Mahperi Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbad Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Demir is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Erkan is leaving from branch: Urla.
Edgü Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feray Aytac is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Senol is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Emel Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Taskin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3475
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fecir Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Hakim Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hursit Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derya Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evrensel Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Balca Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Er is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2675
There is no such employee.
Gamze Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Aba Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Hamza Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Ari is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lale Avci is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Cannur Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Aytac is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Ilkcan Dag is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Mengi is leaving from branch: Palu.
Ceren Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Cetin is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Abdal Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Derem Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 35794
Etkin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Fermani Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Katmer Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bartu Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Polat is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Ibrahim Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Gencay Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Damla Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Diclehatun Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
İlayda Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haldun Arslan is leaving from branch: Urla.
Isfendiyar Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daime Elmas is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Canela Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Gedik Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Arzu Kuru is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Ayberk Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gihev Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elacık Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4003
Erendiz Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Erturk is leaving from branch: Palu.
Habibullah Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Erkan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Alp is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Hacil Genc is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Fikri Erkan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Erensu Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gayret Saglam is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Egezade Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aykut Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Kose is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Bahir Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Deryanur Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Girgin Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4510
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Delfin Uzun is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Ay is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Berkan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Gazi Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Genc is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Hejmar Aktas is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Ajda Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Duran is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Layza Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 34112
Ferhat Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
Acem Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Celile Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Ozen is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Isinkan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 4279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 5227
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 4221
There is no such employee.
Gencay Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 5508
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Hakverdi Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezgi Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurkan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 4305
Hadim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Abakay Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hacı Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4978
Başak Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ayhan Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faden Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulhamit Kose is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 5173
Mediha Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Seker is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Ferah Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakri Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Sari is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 5537
Medar Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Erna Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Duran is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Dirlik Toker is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Toker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 5980
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Tekin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Kadriye Gul is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Diba Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Bera Yavuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
Daltekin Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Mensure Mengi is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Kara is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Abdal Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 37185
Kadire Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Daim Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Heper Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfigar Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilcan Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Filiz Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Celik is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Jinsal Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Ucar is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
Candan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
Hamdullah Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Gunay is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Seker is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 38293
There is no such employee.
Hamis Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokberk Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Avci is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Gaffar Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Göçer Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 326
Afitap Ipek is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Efdal Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
Ediz Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilemma Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ikan Dag is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Ilgat Kara is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Enhar Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feyza Ozen is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Kadriye Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isfendiyar Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Adile Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Guler is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Duman Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Bahamra Temel is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Mecide Taskin is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Delal Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Lamia Alkan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Macide Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdenay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Akbas is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 38663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erim Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanzala Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Burç Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Edahses Mengi is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Bahir Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 35911
Asuman Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Bera Yavuz.
Feza Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cavlan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahiye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hafsa Guler is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Ay is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuz Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilfiruz Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferruh Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Gunay is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Jergar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fırtına Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Açelya Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Birol Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Bahir Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Karanfil Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 34396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Havva Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Saglam is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1819
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erim Erkan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Acunalp Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Kayansel Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Cankat Kose is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Acem Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Ilcan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
İlke Sari is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Aybars Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahzure Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gedik Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Kuru is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Kocak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Birmen Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fıda Dede is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdibike Ozen is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Karen Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
Farah Sari is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Destecan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Canane Koc is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 41151
Leyal Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Demir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Ezeli Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Erturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Abdulkadir Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demirezen Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylak Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3719
There is no such employee.
Hediye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Haki Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Seker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Gul is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Lamia Kuru is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Karsu Yigit is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gıyas Elmas is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 39109
Fadıla Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abad Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaila/Kayla Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Mayra Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Celile Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinsal Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
Delice Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Aygül Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merze Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Toprak is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
There is no such employee.
Deli Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 38422
Erhan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Karen Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Oz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Kalender Ozen is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3896
Geray Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Beliz Aslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Karahan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Feza Demir is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4171
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gediz Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jiyan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Beha Erkan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Hidayet Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Istemihan Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Ipek is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Huriye Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Asiye Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lema Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilhami Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3760
There is no such employee.
Esennur Dag is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Bera Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Bala Demir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Fadıla Taskin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 4608
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 43897
There is no such employee.
Abak Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Gokben Mengi is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Huray Yucel is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Gizer Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Jinsal Senol is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gazele Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 43960
Etfal Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysu Arslan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Faruk Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Dirim Erkan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Dilfeza Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Başak Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamia Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daya Dag is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Efehan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Barut Erturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Bilal Yigit is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Katmer Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
Berke Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Adalan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Kara is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Delal Nas is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Bala Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 37897
There is no such employee.
Iras Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aborkar Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ira Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Fadime Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Lale Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Dede is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Abdulkadir Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryab Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aynur Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 38336
There is no such employee.
Eylem Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadın Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Girgin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Ecehan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lamiha Toprak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Kader Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Ay is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Füreyya Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Toprak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Ozen is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Ilaydin Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 237
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Canela Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Polat is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatoş Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Bakanay Guler is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Gorani Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Cetin is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Mengi is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Debernuş Uzun is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Genc is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Kevser Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Arslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Sarac is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Bengisu Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Mahzure Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Garabed Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Cemalnur Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farika Saglam is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 552
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balca Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Feray Alp is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Canfeda Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazh Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Fekahet Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Melike Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 42920
There is no such employee.
Gazire Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bera Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Erim Avci is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Huri Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faide Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aysel Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Hanif Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gani Elmas is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1102
Erkut Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Bagatur Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Enhar Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Lalin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gazal Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Karakas is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Mahrur Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2061
Fadile Alp is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Leman Yucel is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
Cazibe Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1922
There is no such employee.
Mecide Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Husam Oz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Duran is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
Debernuş Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Bozdemir Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Saglam is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ezra Cicek is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Hafize Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Bahir Erkan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Gunay is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Germa Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Eftal Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Duran is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Mahizar Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
Bilal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1827
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Sahin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Mefharet Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jehat Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lavanta Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferdi Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Seker is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Fakirullah Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elanaz Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Derem Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habib Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Jerfi Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Abdi Cetin is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Kayra Aktas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Meral Toker is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Derman Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Ecegül Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Ilbey Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ibrahim Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Haktan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Ferda Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Memduha Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Aynur Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Burç Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlkben Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Mahinur Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Avci is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Kilic is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gavsi Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4020
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Erendil Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Balta is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Elmira Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iris Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
Ayaz Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Adile Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Mayra Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Kuru is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Arzu Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Aytac is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Gece Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2950
Leyla Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Taskin is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Temel is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Belgi Sahin is leaving from branch: Urla.
Mediha Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aytunç Kilic is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Hadis Ipek is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbad Sahin is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Halef Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3534
Ihvan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Gelin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Elvan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3895
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Itri Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
Cankut Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatmanur Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Erk Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Layike Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bala Dede is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Firdevsi Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
Karya Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 4320
There is no such employee.
Merze Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Yucel is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4702
Giram Elmas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Abdal Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2948
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 5031
Abdullah Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsat Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Dede is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 4536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 5521
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Aytac is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Asiye Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Acar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Kardem Er is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Berkay Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Eti Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayla Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Aydin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Ipek is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3891
Derince Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jerfi Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
Duran Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Baharnaz Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fariha Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Burak Demir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Jade Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulusi Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Latife Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Demirezen Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Fazilet Mert is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Acar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asuman Tekin is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Jeyan Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 45762
There is no such employee.
Madelet Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahriye Nas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 44769
Canfeda Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demir Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Acem Erturk is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Huriye Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erna Kocak is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Yigit is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 49053
Egezade Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Gul is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Ilci Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Behin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Letafet Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 496
Eyşan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Fena Celik is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Canal Alkan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Aykut Oz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 400
Hadice Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Adalet Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadime Duran is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Dilfigar Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 935
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Alkan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bozdemir Gul is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Dileda Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Belgin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Dalsar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Başağa Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 46311
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Guler is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 702
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Habil Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Doğannur Mert is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Geray Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Havva Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evin Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edhem Acar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abgun Taskin is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Mahrem Mengi is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Levzi Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Keriman Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasibe Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 44770
Madelet Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Fazıl Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1817
There is no such employee.
Aygen Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 45244
Mahzure Alkan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Hakikat Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Mahur Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Koc is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Derin Duran is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Kader Polat is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Yildiran is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Kamuran Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 47865
Eser Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Gezer Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Kamuran Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgaz Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Harika Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1916
Jale Kose is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Ari is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Katun Aygun is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalince Karakas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Girin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ildir Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birmen Nas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Habil Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecesoy Erturk is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Fazilet Celik is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Behin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1649
Mayra Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Atilgan Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Letafet Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abadan Avci is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Balkiz Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erksin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Diclehatun Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdülalim Akbas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
Balkoç Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abaza Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aleyna Aksu is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 44708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Celik is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2456
Ilhami Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelincik Gul is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Duran Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Gunes is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Hamide Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Aktas is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Abay Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lema Er is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Gizem Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Funda Er is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Galip Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erendiz Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3687
Fermani Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Fadile Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Farah Duran is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 46211
Edahses Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Bozkaya Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Kara is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2837
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilham Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fevzi Acar is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Ertan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbas Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Canhanım Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Gerçek Genc is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Bahiye Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faden Alp is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Janbek Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3586
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kayra Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylifer Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ikram Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 49050
There is no such employee.
Fikret Gul is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
Huray Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3896
Cenah Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haluk Acar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Dilfiruz Ucar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 3230
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Duran is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Adalet Gul is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Giram Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ildir Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Açelya Karahan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Atilgan Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Abak Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakan/Abakay Uzun is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Senol is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ihya Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Ipek is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Haluk Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 52221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Erturk is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Medar Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gelenay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4997
There is no such employee.
Medar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Canane Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaniye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Adalan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 52803
There is no such employee.
Kevser Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahir Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 48101
There is no such employee.
Janset Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 4777
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4809
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizer Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Balta is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Yucel is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 47922
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Aktas is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 52873
Fercan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kaymak Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Gazire Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Mert is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Berat Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydemir Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belgi Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Hacil Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mecide Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Felit Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Adalan Avci is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Fikri Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 53379
Hakim Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fermani Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Celile Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Faris Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Cicek is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Gani Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hüdaverdi Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Uzun is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Derince Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Faris Arslan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Ay is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iris Yigit is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Oz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Cannur Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Er is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Lavanta Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Ferahfeza Kilic is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Seker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gezer Yucel is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Fecir Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyla Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Temel is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Ibrahim Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Derman Seker is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Gokberk Erturk is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 53937
There is no such employee.
Burak Aydin is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Aydogan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 48794
Lerze Er is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Jale Nas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Elacık Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hasret Gul is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Gece Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 48493
Gokberk Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 54487
Ilgar Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canela Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Lamiha Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 8035
Havin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Cicek is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Gamze Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Erk Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Huray Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Temel is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Abgun Yildirim is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 51807
Hale Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Abat Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Kadime Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 235
Ilci Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aygen Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Berke Tekin is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Demir is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Larasu Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Başak Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farah Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bagatur Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Cavide Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Cazibe Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Ishak Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Temel is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Abakay Elmas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Gorani Toker is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Hamdullah Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Başar Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Kara is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Cihanay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 544
Edhem Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
İclal Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadire Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Gunes is leaving from branch: Sile.
Ergin Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Basim Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Acar is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Macide Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burak Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Celik is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Akbas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarhatun Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Mert is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Nas is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Aytunç Sarac is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Mengi is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Abak Kose is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Kucuk is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1328
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ermiye Yavuz is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Fadil Saglam is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 52696
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canhanım Yigit is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1360
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1294
Acarbike Alkan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
Bozkaya Guler is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Eren Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Deryanur Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbey Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Garabed Kocak is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felit Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hacer Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaffur Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Fariha Yigit is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Karen Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Belde Demirci is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Abdi Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aydin Aktas is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Ferdi Er is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Belde Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Karahan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Fatmanur Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Mayra Kocak is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Faide Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abak Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Gunay is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Gunes is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1330
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Oz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Aysu Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Gul is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1966
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 54506
Bahanur Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Demirci is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 56328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Sahiner is leaving from branch: Sile.
Evin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evin Koc is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Caneda Dede is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Esved Yasar is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Dirok Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Fecir Guler is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
Farik Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mefharet Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Baharnaz Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Aygun is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Kara is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Demirbilek Ay is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Itri Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Kardan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3238
Kayla Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alev Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Toprak is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Janset Cetin is leaving from branch: Urla.
Evgin Alp is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Karanfil Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Duran is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Aksu is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Fazıl Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Koc is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Cemresu Saglam is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamdullah Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mamure Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Aber Akbas is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Karakız Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Gunes is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Hacı Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duman Nas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Lamia Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Genc is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Koc is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Lara Toker is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Felit Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canel Avci is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Derem Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Dag is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Ihvan Celik is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habide Acar is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Afet Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Kose is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gilyas Uzun is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Ari is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Gilyas Toker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3548
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Karakas is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Duru Aytac is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Hamiyet Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Baran Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Abat Karahan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Ari is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Figen Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derem Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Danyal Polat is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Duru Temel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Gul is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Baran Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Ferid Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Havin Balta is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Sahin is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Yigit is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Oz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Hale Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Aslan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Gokalp Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kevser Balta is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Canal Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Temel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hakikat Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gezer Arslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Canela Toprak is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fena Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 57061
There is no such employee.
Abduş Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakanay Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokalp Kose is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Fevzi Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jilda Kilic is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Canal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Dag is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lal Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Kaya is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Aydin is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Berke Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 58887
Gavsi Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lİla Demirci is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanif Ucar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Yildirim is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Kayla Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Funda Sahin is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferahfeza Ozen is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3367
Ildiz Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hanbeğendi Kilic is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Havle Durmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Cannur Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jenin Guler is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Gokay Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Eylem Erkan is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Gaffur Toker is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Tekin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 55392
There is no such employee.
Dirim Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Demirci is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Isinsoy Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirlik Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Havva Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Senol is leaving from branch: Palu.
Lamiha Acar is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Jergar Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 56175
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Hacer Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Insel Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilkeste Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Ucar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ayaz Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Aygun is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Hayat Toker is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Ira Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Husam Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Hincal Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Hakan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Saglam is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Ari is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Birsoy Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Balta is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Erna Taskin is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dirlik Alkan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Eceseren Guler is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Alara Erturk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Janseli Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceyhan Alp is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Husam Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 58251
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Ay is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Izgutay Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Taskin is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Ergin Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Ari is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Gul is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Aytunç Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Alara Aksu is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Gece Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Kamer Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Cicek is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Hurol Sarac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Gencay Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Derin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 62286
Fenniye Polat is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Mahrur Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Yasar is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Delfin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Kilic is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahinur Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Delfin Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuzuli Yigit is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Erturk is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Erdibike Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Gunes is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 55613
Mesudane Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
Merzuka Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Daristan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Yucel is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Keriman Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gencal Polat is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Idris Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edebali Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecebay Sarac is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Jinmir Uzun is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Azmi Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Makber Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Abad Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edaay Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 59593
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Kara is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Dorukhan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Dilbirin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Celik is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebrak Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Inanna Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gani Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fazilet Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Genc is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Irsad Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Oz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Burç Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 60056
Girgin Elmas is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Belde Balta is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Ledeyna Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leylüfer Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canane Aytac is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Sahin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Kucuk is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Evrensel Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Oz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Germa Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecehan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Gul is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Ekber Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Cetin is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Birsoy Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haktan Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Toprak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 61412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Uzun is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Demirci is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Aytekin Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abak Ari is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Avci is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Destan Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Toprak is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Senol is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Farise Polat is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Igdemir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Sari is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 64073
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Funda Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Damra Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Basri Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aybars Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Kuru is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Emel Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Iyiturk Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Seker is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Oz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Maide Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulkadir Ipek is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Erdenay Demir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hulki Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Akbas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Firuz Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Ipek is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Berat Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahri Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lalin Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Mahru Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Toker is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Faide Aydin is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Erturk is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Kose is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalsar Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Oz is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Hatunana Sari is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Candan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Eyşan Ari is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Alkan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Efdal Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Er is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayla Karakas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Abay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Halef Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Koc is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Temel is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 61235
Inanna Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadik Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abakay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hakan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Merze Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Janset Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalayer Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Balta is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Ecegül Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İlke Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysu Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Karahan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Oz is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Er is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadil Ay is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Canaş Mert is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dildar Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kadife Senol is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Ceydanur Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Erkan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhat Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Medar Dede is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 5098
Ilgar Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Aytac is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basim Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Meral Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatine Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Akbas is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Aydin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 63918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Havin Cicek is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Feyzullah Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Latife Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hilal Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Feray Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Aygun is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Sari is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Fidan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Halide Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Aslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Yuksel is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Akbas is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Ece Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 722
There is no such employee.
Cankut Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Havin Guler is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Yucel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Arslan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Ilhami Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 264
There is no such employee.
Katmer Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Barut Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Aslan is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Saglam is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Demir Akbas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Balta is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Dede is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Farise Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Seker is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Abdurrahman Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Hikmet Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Gamze Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Ihvan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karsel Sari is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Delfin Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Daristan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bakiye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Polat is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Dilsafa Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ertunga Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Erturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Havin Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fidan Gul is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Abaza Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Dilfiruz Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Cicek is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 63863
Berat Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1568
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Saglam is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Halef Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jarin Ay is leaving from branch: Urla.
Hamza Buyuk is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1883
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Senol is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
Mecide Gunes is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Lamiha Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kalender Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2029
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Saglam is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 69619
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Tekin is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abay Arslan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Mamure Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2142
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
Canay Koc is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Faysal Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Gencaslan Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Behçet Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ayvaz Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Baldemir Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hades Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Derman Mengi is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Erinç Kuru is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3546
Lİna Temel is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Demirezen Ipek is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Sarac is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Uzun is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Demirci is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Can Demirci is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Bahtiyar Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gizem Buyuk is leaving from branch: Sile.
Mefharet Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3770
Berkay Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Ildiz Karahan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duran Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Sarac is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Gul is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Badem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Enginsel Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Uzun is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Gelin Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecegül Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurol Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bergen Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Hanedan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2829
There is no such employee.
Fercan Dede is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Irsad Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Barbaros Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Demir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 63999
There is no such employee.
Habide Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 70584
There is no such employee.
Fenni Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Derin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Aslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ezeli Polat is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Galip Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Ozen is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Candan Gunay is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Ilaydin Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Elmas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Karakas is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Huriye Akbas is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Canipek Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 67977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Avci is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Daime Aydin is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Dirlik Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Aytac is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Hizir Dede is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hurel Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Jengar Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gani Guler is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Hakikat Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Koc is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Er is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Larasu Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekenel Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Mengi is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Derin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Senol is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Nas is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Fikrettin Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 5140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Yasar is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Ceydacan Aslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Dilferah Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahise Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feridun Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 5321
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Gul is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Daya Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 4799
Mayra Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Guler is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Canaş Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Feza Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 73765
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Erkan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Yildiz is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Polat is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Yigit is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Aygun is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Ferhat Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 0
Göçmen Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 23
Erna Bayrak is leaving from branch: Buca.
Bahise Ay is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Demirci is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Darin Sari is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Arslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 68608
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 308
There is no such employee.
Irsad Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Felat Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 69073
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Uzun is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 230
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 5
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Hasbek Toker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Baran Toker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Huray Kose is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Cankut Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 496
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 511
Baldemir Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Macide Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Gunay is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 170
There is no such employee.
Dildan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Toker is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 69262
There is no such employee.
Lavin Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Ira Mengi is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 830
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 66034
Fakihe Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Cicek is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 551
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Demirci is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Jiyan Kara is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Abadan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hazan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Yasar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Acar is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Donat Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Dag is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Delice Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Buyuk is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Aksu is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Avci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Eren Aygun is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Gunay is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Temel is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 73576
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 73741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 69047
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1635
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1574
There is no such employee.
Kalender Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Erturk is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Nas is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Ayberk Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilaver Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Cebeci is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
Cavide Kuru is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Oz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1520
Abaza Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 68127
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 68127
Dalsar Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2682
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Mediha Aktas is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Felit Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
Ilgat Celik is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Erturk is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Dag is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Kaniye Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Karahan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Hazan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Faide Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fekahet Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 75547
Gavsi Gunes is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Aygun is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Edayi Alp is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Bengi Gunay is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Erensu Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Dilsozi Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Can Ay is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Lalin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2728
Fenni Senol is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Dilay Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1688
Karina Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
Emel Ozen is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Nas is leaving from branch: Genc.
Erim Ceylan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Alp is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Demir is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Ceydanur Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Dag is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Baharnaz Sarac is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Alp is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Dünya Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Balta is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Dilemma Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 72899
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
Erdem Duran is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3499
Faik Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2839
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2799
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Derin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2853
Hamdullah Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Aydin is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Kara is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Dilkeste Aksu is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Mahmude Cetin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
Faika Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3063
Adalan Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Dag is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 75564
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ebyar Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gaye Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Urla.
Hazal Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Ay is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Lal Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdi Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 4139
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Ayaz Gul is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4017
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 77300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 77300
There is no such employee.
Medar Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Akpinar is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Azmi Senol is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erensu Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Aygun is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Oz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Buyuk is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Cicek is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Tekin is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Balta is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Can Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Ceylan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Kaya is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Akbas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Ozen is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Göçer Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahamra Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Kuru is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Abdulrezzak Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Koc is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Erturk is leaving from branch: Palu.
Mahibe Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Caneda Kara is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Kocaman is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Yildiran is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Fehim Saglam is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Kalender Sarac is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Dalya Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceren Arslan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Fadil Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Fenniye Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Aslan is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Ertan Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Haveri Balta is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Cetin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Huseyin Cetin is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Esmeray Arslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Temel is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Esennur Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Cazibe Yildiran is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Merzuka Kara is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Feleytun Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Ecem Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Göçer Durmaz is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Ari is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Birol Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Tekin is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Koc is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Aytac is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Oz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Firuz Gul is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Abay Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Daime Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Mert is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Kocak is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Cahide Tekin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Inanna Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Gelenay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
Daim Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Itri Tuncer is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Dilbirin Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Tekin is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Gunay is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Alp is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Jade Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Ari is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Uzun is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ekber Acar is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2377
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Kose is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Ay is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Isinkan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 76707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 71368
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Yucel is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Efdal Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Can Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Kainat Uzun is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 75108
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Harika Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Ari is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Toprak is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Celik is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Furkan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Genc is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Gani Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Kilic is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Dirlik Ekinci is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Gunay is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Mengi is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Fatma Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Guler is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Guler is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Taskin is leaving from branch: Buca.
Fırat Oz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Donat Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Fecri Gunes is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Sahin is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Huri Dag is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Daya Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Cetin is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Hanbey Genc is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Felek Erkan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Bakinaz Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Karakas is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 79227
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Alp is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Aydin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Canece Ucar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Germa Erturk is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
Ferzin Avci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Bahiye Mengi is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Mert is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Kocak is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Kevser Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Hediye Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Acar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Kara is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gevher Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 70
There is no such employee.
Elvan Erturk is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Gul is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Oz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Hafsa Erkan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Aslan is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Kaya is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 283
Bahtiyar Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Temel is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 418
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
Farik Er is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahperi Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Hadra Kaya is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 337
Kayla Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Lamiye Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Erkan is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Funda Akbas is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Karahan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Gunes is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İffet Erturk is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Mengi is leaving from branch: Sile.
Demirezen Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Avci is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Nas is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Avci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eti Sahin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Karahan is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Ergin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Toker is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Gunes is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1098
Hasbek Nas is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Cetin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Ferhunde Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Kaya is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Keriman Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Atilgan Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egealp Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1300
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1197
There is no such employee.
Filinta Kaya is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
Ildem Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Ceylan is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Yucel is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Farah Demir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Leyli Uzun is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 78364
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Canela Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Ozen is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Aygen Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Yavuz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Lebriz Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Hanzala Kara is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Berk Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ermiye Uzun is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1824
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1691
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 80556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dafne Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Toprak is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Nas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 86206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Demir is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Derya Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Demirci is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Cezire Ari is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kainat Ozen is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3945
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Alkan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Figen Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Derince Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
İkbal Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Kamuran Ucar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Insel Mert is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gogen Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Ari is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Duran is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Aslan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Canal Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Aytac is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Aslan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Koc is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
Halim Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Aytac is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Alkan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemalnur Elmas is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Kara is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 4402
There is no such employee.
Erkut Aygun is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ifakat Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Kose is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dündar Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Medar Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Mahibe Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Sahin is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 5679
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Karmen Saglam is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Habide Aydemir is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Ertan Tekin is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Lara Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Bahar Senol is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Genc is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Avci is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 83521
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Buyuk is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Koc is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 84958
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 83656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Aksu is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Arslan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 79182
Canece Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eğmen Yucel is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Seker is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Irsat Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Demir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Yucel is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Sahin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Falaz Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 446
Hayal Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamaset Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1287
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1022
Aygen Elmas is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Canan Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Aytac is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Levin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Cicek is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 484
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Balta is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cilvekar Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Acar is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 82491
There is no such employee.
Belemir Polat is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Ezeli Polat is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Temel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Canhanım Bayrak is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Evin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Acar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Ucar is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Acar is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Abay Alkan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Mecide Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Gunes is leaving from branch: Palu.
Havin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Senol is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ece Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Gul is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Kaya is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Aktas is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ergin Ari is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Isa Kocak is promoted from Cook to Manager.
Canaş Erdogan is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Polat is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Cetin is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Gunes is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Hasret Duran is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Duran is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halide Yigit is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2787
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Sari is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esennur Gul is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Taskin is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 87972
There is no such employee.
Derin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 83179
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Genc is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 80643
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Aygun is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Kocaman is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Yucel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Aydonat Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Toprak is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Buyuk is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Cankat Aktas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Balca Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamza Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Sahin is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ceydasu Temel is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Toprak is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Guler is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 86108
There is no such employee.
Dehna Acar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abdulrezzak Koc is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Merze Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 84415
Filizer Saglam is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 90554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4656
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 82797
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Kilic is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Dalan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 84169
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Balta is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Gokberk Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Senol is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 88997
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Lerzan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Saglam is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Erendiz Ozen is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Gunes is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Eren Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Ari is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Hatice Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kalender Mert is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Aslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Aslan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Faysal Balta is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Genc is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 82384
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Alkan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Dede is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Mahru Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4865
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 86349
Canfeda Yucel is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 92588
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Senol is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Gunay is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 89890
There is no such employee.
Cannur Kose is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 89417
Baran Aydin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Ay is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hades Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Darin Er is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Edayi Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Cetin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Mert is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Filiz Balta is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 86285
Delal Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Tekin is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 84717
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Alp is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Nas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Kose is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Egezade Toprak is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Seker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 85173
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Abak Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Nas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Candan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Yavuz is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Dilemma Er is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Ilbilge Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Mahrur Yasar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Lerze Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 322
Abat Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Uzun is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 865
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferah Bayrak is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1635
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 85144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Avci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Kamile Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 89533
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1253
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 85987
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Husam Oz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Jale Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Adalet Aslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Alara Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Koc is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1460
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halef Aydogan is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Hurkan Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Temel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Mert is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 89486
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Maide Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Gunes is leaving from branch: Buca.
Meriç Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Mengi is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Emetullah Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1883
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Halef Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 87404
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Buyuk is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Aslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 89713
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Seker is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Habil Kaya is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Karahan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Gunay is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
Feleytun Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2175
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 92421
Leylak Cengiz is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Lalin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 87330
Hamdullah Polat is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Sahin is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2853
Karaca Aytac is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Yildiran is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Uzun is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Aslan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2442
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Genc is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Kara is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Bayrak is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Kucuk is leaving from branch: Genc.
Daltekin Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Celik is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Edahses Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Basim Gul is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 94281
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Karakas is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Aba Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 95858
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Ari is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Yuksel is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Abdulrezzak Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Balta is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Gece Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Uzun is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Husam Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Hamit Kaya is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Seker is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Debernuş Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Aslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Seker is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Ilaydin Demirci is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Erturk is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 4351
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrume Duran is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Melodi Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fakirullah Gul is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Ayvaz Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Esmeray Temel is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Lavanta Aydemir is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğilmez Polat is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 91182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Aygun is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Kocak is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Dag is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Etkin Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ledeyna Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Aygun is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felat Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Uzun is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Akbas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Er is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Erkan is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Ari is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
İlke Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 95600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Avci is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Lebriz Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Daim Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Meserret Sari is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Derman Yavuz is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Arslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 156
Eyşan Yildirim is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Seker is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Birsoy Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Hidayet Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Cenah Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Karakas is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Alkan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Ari is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Temel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Aktas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Burak Seker is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Afet Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Kayla Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Burak Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Mert is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Cebeci is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Karahan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Dag is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Polat is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Yucel is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 91969
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Yigit is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1451
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Aydin is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Faik Temel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
İffet Seker is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Celik is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Irsad Kose is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Gunes is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Kara is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canfeda Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Sahin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahiye Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Koc is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Karsu Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Girgin Sahin is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
Aydonat Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Benan Avci is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Edayi Yasar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mediha Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Mengi is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Gunes is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2482
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Dag is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Avci is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Tekin is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Aksoy is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Sahin is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Guler is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3316
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Cetin is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Medar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Uzun is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Medar Cebeci is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Seker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Daya Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Kaya is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Aktas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilbey Kara is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3656
Lerze Genc is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Elmas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Yigit is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Esmeray Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 4071
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4993
There is no such employee.
Jilda Taskin is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Akbas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Saglam is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Cetin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
Fakirullah Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fadile Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Aba Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Avci is leaving from branch: Urla.
Kardelen Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gale Dag is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Jaledar Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Felin Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filinta Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Izzettin Yucel is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Erim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Hafize Sarac is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Ebubekir Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Basim Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Genc is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Erturk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4143
Gazale Arslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Itri Balta is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ezeli Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Ceylan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Bozdemir Saglam is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 100350
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Aytac is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 5187
There is no such employee.
Can Toprak is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Badem Kaya is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mensure Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abbas Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 4827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Eğilmez Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Hakim Aygun is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 4087
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halim Toker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Tekin is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Eyşan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrur Seker is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Cetin is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Aygun is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Dede is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Toker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Akbas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 348
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Dag is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 749
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Gunes is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 102173
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Dilbirin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Macide Celik is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Kadriye Mengi is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 98671
Aysel Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
Hursit Gul is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 97285
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1928
There is no such employee.
Ishak Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 96419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Tekin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Mert is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2679
Destan Tuncer is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Saglam is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Toprak is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Erkan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2558
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Yigit is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 104122
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Ilkcan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3319
There is no such employee.
Galip Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Sari is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Mert is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilay Demirci is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Hamis Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Kose is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Hasbek Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 104025
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Habide Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Evrensel Kilic is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 106413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Başar Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Aydemir is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Gunay is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2250
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Cicek is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Demirci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Temel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Nas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Aydin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 101215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3205
There is no such employee.
Letafet Aytac is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Barut Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Ay is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Karin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fena Ipek is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Can Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 99775
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4418
Kafiye Cicek is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 108594
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Acar is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Ekmeleddin Dag is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 101004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3007
Fırtına Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3203
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3919
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Gizmen Aydin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 105892
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Etfal Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Berke Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4175
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3299
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 4111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 106478
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Buyuk is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 98403
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 4170
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Dede is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Ay is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3794
Ilaydin Yavuz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Yasar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Kose is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Levzi Elmas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 98651
Faruk Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ikram Arslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Aytac is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Faden Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Duru Acar is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 5041
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Gunay is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 5656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Aytac is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Aktas is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 5561
There is no such employee.
Hakan Demirci is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Mayra Cicek is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Faris Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Toker is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 6129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Genc is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 6283
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 4385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Alkan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 5166
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 104984
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Nas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Belgi Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 6826
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Uzun is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 5324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 6853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
Can Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
İclal Alp is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Edgü Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Duran is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Yasar is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Fadil Cengiz is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Alp is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Sari is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Gul is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Insel Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Mert is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Burç Aytac is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Başar Toprak is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Senol is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Senol is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firuz Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Acar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahbube Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Mengi is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Guler is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iyiturk Mengi is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Elmas is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Figen Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Genc is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Hanbeğendi Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Sari is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Ipek is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Acar is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Derman Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acunalp Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Balta is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Cicek is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Kose is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Mahrem Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3828
Leylim Ekinci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fatih Guler is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Seker is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Demirci is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Cetin is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Celik is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Meral Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Kose is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Avci is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 136
There is no such employee.
Basim Toprak is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
Donat Yasar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Celvetiye Alp is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Duran is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Behçet Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Aydin is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Ay is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 464
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Er is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Kilic is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faden Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Sari is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Kuru is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Akbas is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Temel is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Yasar is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
Aydemir Duran is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Aksoy is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Kayra Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Acarbike Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Ay is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1340
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Gul is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Karina Karakas is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Leylak Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Kocak is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Leyli Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Aydin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Gazi Acar is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 105509
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Ay is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Tuncer is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Geray Aygun is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1749
Hurel Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Hursit Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Balin Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Aydogan is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Ari is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Gayret Gul is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Tuncer is leaving from branch: Palu.
Kayla Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Duran is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Faden Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Guler is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Kaya is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Gunes is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Abakay Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Sahin is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Yildirim is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 106440
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Kilic is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Dag is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Erturk is leaving from branch: Genc.
Leylim Uzun is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Loya Aytac is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Karahan is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Ay is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3739
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 113145
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Koc is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Guler is dismissed from branch: Urla.
Leyli Sari is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Hakan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 4034
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gece Karakas is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Durmaz is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3052
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Celik is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Ozen is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 109
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Taskin is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Gunes is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Aktas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Alkan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Temel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Erturk is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Mahmure Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Halim Kaya is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Karahan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 420
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Alkan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Alp is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1253
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Uzun is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Kocak is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Mahrem Celik is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Senol is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2984
Izzettin Aygun is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Elmas is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Haveri Guler is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanzala Genc is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1475
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Yildiran is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Polat is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Erturk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Kuru is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Mengi is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Kose is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Aydin is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Macide Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Yildirim is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Ceylan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Guler is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Arslan is leaving from branch: Buca.
Gazal Erkan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Alkan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
Farah Arslan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
Hasret Sari is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Habib Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Alp is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Avci is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Yildiran is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
İlayda Koc is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Canan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fulya Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Elmas is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Tekin is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Kilic is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Karakas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 5374
There is no such employee.
Lema Avci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 5374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Oz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Bayrak is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Yigit is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Dag is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4949
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 5969
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erdem Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4668
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 113490
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 127029
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Aksoy is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Koc is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 799
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Ozen is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Dag is leaving from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ediz Genc is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Koc is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Temel is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Alp is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 968
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Kose is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 1005
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1852
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 968
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 120369
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Erkan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1079
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Jarin Acar is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1994
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1625
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2171
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1809
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 121089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Cetin is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Alp is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1600
There is no such employee.
Faris Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2324
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1600
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Aytac is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Toprak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2527
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 121246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 1723
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Aksu is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Aslan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Ari is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Avci is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Akpinar is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Toker is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Aydogan is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Celik is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2505
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Oz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Aktas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Genc is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 125122
Cankat Alkan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Dag is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 119986
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Mert is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 122820
There is no such employee.
Elvan Senol is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Habide Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 123236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 117149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Durmaz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Heper Sarac is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 128309
Cankut Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Hurkan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 122310
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 130187
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Kilic is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Ay is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 119428
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 128191
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Sahin is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Cicek is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Bengisu Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Aytac is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Seker is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Geray Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Erkan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 125176
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 129196
İlke Celik is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 134360
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 135388
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 128490
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Alp is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 126935
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 128490
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Aydin is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Saglam is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Ari is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 128972
Erkut Elmas is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Kaya is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
Bahir Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Toker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 119828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 130219
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Demirci is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Iras Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Aslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Bahanur Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Erna Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 125220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 129293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Dag is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dilsozi Erkan is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Cetin is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Gazele Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Kilic is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Sarac is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Durmaz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Ayfer Toker is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 129305
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Kara is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Ari is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Aytac is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
Giram Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Ucar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Gokay Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Er is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 123149
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Aytac is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Funda Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ecevit Gunes is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Isinsoy Yigit is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Duran is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Tekin is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Sahin is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Kose is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Akbas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 428
Behçet Demir is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Sarac is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Demir is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Senol is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Avci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Bayrak is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Egezade Durmaz is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Ucar is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1202
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1049
Jerfi Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Sarac is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Er is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Ay is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Nas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Akbas is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Sari is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2414
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Gunes is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
Aleyna Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 133600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canece Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Ari is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Kocaman is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1887
There is no such employee.
Medar Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Erkan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Kocaman is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Ledeyna Uzun is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Aydin is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Ceydanur Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Guler is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Taskin is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Polat is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Kocak is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Hakan Alp is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 128546
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Kara is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Erim Cicek is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Aytac is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Dag is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Tekin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Ari is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Alkan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Aksu is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Ucar is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Can Akpinar is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
Habibullah Erkan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Kara is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Ari is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Huray Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dirim Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Elmas is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Farika Gunay is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Demir is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Emel Gunay is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 138540
Eğilmez Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3071
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3780
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Senol is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Sahin is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Buyuk is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Cicek is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 332
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 140619
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Aslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 879
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 136928
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 136928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 139501
Kevser Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 131707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 131400
Leyla Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 783
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 142444
There is no such employee.
Dalan Avci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 462
Dildar Er is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Cicek is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 145494
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 133268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Aksu is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 852
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Akbas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Mahur Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Karakas is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1798
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 132656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Uzun is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1949
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2429
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3403
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Aytac is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1047
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3151
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2227
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3131
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2415
Hulki Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3487
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2341
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3634
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 136458
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3130
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 3376
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2910
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2371
Filinta Yasar is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 142089
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Gunes is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 140074
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Seker is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Seker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 142195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Dede is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Kuru is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Ucar is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1118
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Seker is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 817
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Avci is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Hanbey Dede is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 435
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 143592
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Ucar is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Celik is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Taskin is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 131893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1353
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Akpinar is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başağa Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Mayra Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 135565
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dalbaş Karakas is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Cetin is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2663
Gokay Polat is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Guler is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 145740
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Guler is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2664
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Er is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4507
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2551
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 145553
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 144134
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 146535
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Kara is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 5087
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Kahya Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 152754
There is no such employee.
Berkay Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 6343
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Sahin is leaving from branch: Urla.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Yucel is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Demir is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Aleyna Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Saglam is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karmen Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damla Avci is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Erkan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Sari is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Aydogan is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Cicek is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Senol is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1564
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Genc is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Kalender Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Ilhami Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Karahan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1939
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Kaya is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Kose is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2764
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Arslan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Sarac is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Mengi is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Yavuz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Mengi is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Temel is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahur Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
Ilgar Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 4284
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Nas is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 5377
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 4989
There is no such employee.
Ihya Aktas is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3370
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Kaya is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Polat is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Cicek is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Aytac is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Faide Senol is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 6134
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Akpinar is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 153174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 360
Habib Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Duran Gunes is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Bergen Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 156594
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 361
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 582
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1303
There is no such employee.
Hasret Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 146396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 905
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 142078
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 159314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Genc is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Ozen is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 149849
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 149849
Ilham Koc is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 154988
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 1896
There is no such employee.
Dehna Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Cicek is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2940
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Gunes is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 159674
There is no such employee.
Garabed Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Kara is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 159083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2592
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Aygun is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3941
Ildir Mert is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Ay is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Saglam is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Cicek is leaving from branch: Genc.
Hayal Gunes is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 4289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Genc is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Başağa Guler is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 5571
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Seker is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 147722
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 145370
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 159844
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Nas is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 152514
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Oz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Aksu is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Gunes is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Kilic is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Nas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Senol is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Cetin is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layike Seker is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 163146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 155219
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 159493
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 148731
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Aktas is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 163060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Akbas is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Celik is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Ipek is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 159189
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Polat is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Mengi is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Alev Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Sarac is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Gunay is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 156884
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Gunes is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Yasar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 149173
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Mengi is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Gunay is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 163328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Demirci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Balkoç Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3988
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 156560
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 157104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Donat Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 149861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 150370
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 245
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 158060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 195
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 470
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Aytac is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Demirci is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 682
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 592
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 290
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Balta is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Mert is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Levzi Erturk is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Erturk is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Gunay is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Akbas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Er is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 742
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Ipek is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Yildirim is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Mert is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 723
There is no such employee.
Hadim Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Karakas is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1064
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Acar is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 155032
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 971
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1416
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 155019
Ecevit Yuksel is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 973
Hale Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Aksu is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2287
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1308
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Senol is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Abakay Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Burç Yigit is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Gul is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Garabed Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Sari is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Ekinci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2611
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Ucar is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Koc is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Feleytun Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 160120
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Akpinar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 157091
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 160307
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1960
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Duran is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Nas is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2740
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2285
There is no such employee.
Edebali Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 156379
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Cicek is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1819
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2957
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3729
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Er is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Cengiz is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Gelincik Kocak is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Kilic is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Uzun is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Kaya is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 233
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Erkan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Demir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Celik is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Kaya is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Sahin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1547
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Sarac is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3201
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Gunay is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Aslan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Kara is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Dede is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Kaya is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2139
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2950
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2950
Derem Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Aydin is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Genc is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3789
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Aydin is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3393
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 157573
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Hamit Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Nas is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Sarac is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Erturk is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Harika Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Koc is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Alkan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Insel Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 174686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 203
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Dag is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Demirci is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Sari is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
Ilaydin Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Kose is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Erturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Aydin is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 163996
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1350
There is no such employee.
Hazan Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Yucel is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Yavuz is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 163981
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Ay is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Genc is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 168589
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 161016
Karmen Alp is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Gazire Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Dag is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 170420
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 159637
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 176745
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Yildiran is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Toprak is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 166307
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Yavuz is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Ildir Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Nas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 170498
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Genc is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 556
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 183087
Canece Nas is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Koc is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Lemide Ucar is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerze Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 165409
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 163059
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 172718
There is no such employee.
İlke Cengiz is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Gelin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Temel is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1284
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Er is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Alkan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 183786
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1388
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Karahan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 178432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Genc.
Dijdar Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 182813
Lİla Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Dag is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 174578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Aytac is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 174520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Gunay is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Demir is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Itri Sahin is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Saglam is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 174156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Kilic is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Uzun is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 180539
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 175534
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Kuru is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 175520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 175893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Mahrume Karahan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2589
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 180780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Ozen is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Kaya is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bangu Yuksel is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Mengi is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3573
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 178524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Guler is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Alp is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Birol Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Kocak is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 169749
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Aygül Akpinar is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Acar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Senol is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
Dalince Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Inanna Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Yildirim is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melike Demir is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Seker is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Aslan is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Karahan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Toker is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 163976
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1562
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Alev Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Yigit is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Demirci is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Karanfil Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Yasar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2108
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Lal Sari is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Guler is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 181224
There is no such employee.
Demir Alp is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 169291
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 184100
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Kocaman is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Lamiye Polat is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Uzun is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Gilyas Dede is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 179803
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 172412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Aktas is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 172405
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Toker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2451
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Oz is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 178857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardem Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Faik Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 180629
There is no such employee.
Gazale Yigit is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 170310
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Er is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Karahan is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Acem Aslan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Guler is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3770
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Alp is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 175845
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Koc is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 582
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Toker is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Aksu is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 180997
Bahtiser Erkan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Polat is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Oz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 667
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 952
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Elmas is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Saglam is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 174249
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1301
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1549
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 178006
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Nas is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acer Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 174420
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1365
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Kilic is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Janseli Aygun is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
Lale Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1814
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Aydogan is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1910
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2474
Jale Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 191343
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1904
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Alp is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2410
Hulki Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 175574
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Karahan is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 184880
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Celik is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Dag is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Gul is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 182985
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Aktas is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 178662
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3863
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Guler is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 181273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Kaya is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Taskin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Ari is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 188181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Gunes is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Uzun is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 186551
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 179996
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Hades Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Yucel is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 182915
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Koc is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Gokay Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Mengi is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Aktas is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Erkan is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2444
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1276
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2019
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 179251
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1956
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2240
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 180288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Fakihe Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Gewez Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Demir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3549
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Kose is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3901
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3580
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 194860
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4664
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3450
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Jinmir Ari is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Toker is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4484
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Aktas is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4425
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 6225
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 5370
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Polat is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Yildiz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 5421
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 5421
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Gunes is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 6085
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 5623
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 6441
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 5723
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 5723
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 100
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 184701
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 786
There is no such employee.
Faruk Ipek is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 182174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 196401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Elmas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 177297
Gazel Tekin is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Hiram Yasar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Kara is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 192138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 188928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 981
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Avci is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 190955
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Seker is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1252
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 178462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 198846
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 183227
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1245
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1914
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2267
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2560
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 202520
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2048
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Ay is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1718
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Aytac is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Canel Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Kardelen Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Ay is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3144
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 189386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Celik is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Guler is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinmir Akbas is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasibe Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 189207
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 192475
There is no such employee.
Kevser Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Dorukhan Dede is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 189881
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 183091
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Avci is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3494
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Erdogan is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 5246
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 205093
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 193046
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 4495
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Sari is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Kadire Senol is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3582
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 205288
There is no such employee.
Edayi Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4317
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 4762
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Aslan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 5144
Huseyin Aktas is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Cebeci is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Aytac is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Yigit is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Yuksel is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Eyşan Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 57
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 249
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Seker is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 186631
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 505
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 259
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Yasar is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Buyuk is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Yucel is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Kose is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Senol is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Dag is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Dal Guler is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Kose is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 194982
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1544
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 192066
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 863
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Cicek is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1942
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Gunes is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Dag is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Mert is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Mert is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Cengiz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2127
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Cebeci is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2664
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1115
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Mengi is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Oz is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Kocaman is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Ozen is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Aktas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2853
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 202837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Kocaman is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cazibe Alp is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3233
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Sahiner is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Temel is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Mengi is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Arzu Gunes is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 188045
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 188200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 4550
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Erkan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 203606
Farise Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Ipek is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Aygun is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Arslan is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 219
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 58
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 58
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Demir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Iras Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Gul is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Falaz Guler is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Ekinci is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 712
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1557
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Fuad Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 1441
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1789
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Demir is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Erdogan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Aktas is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Aslan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Genc is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Nas is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Kuru is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1904
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Gizem Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 190484
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fahrettin Acar is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3245
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Acar is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Erkan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Guler is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2706
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırtına Toker is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3284
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Kara is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Aba Toker is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Erturk is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Gunay is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Kuru is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Temel is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Canel Koc is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3312
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Gunay is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 5129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 4155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Koc is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Ari is dismissed from branch: Buca.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 5990
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 5126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Mert is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Demirci is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 6230
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 5572
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Demirci is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 6910
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Erkan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 6677
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 5402
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Alp is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 6934
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Seker is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 5847
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 201801
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Kilic is leaving from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Koc is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehan Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Alp is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 204309
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Sarac is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 205754
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Dilfeza Ari is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 208438
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Kara is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Balta is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Karya Celik is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 223188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 220907
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 68
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maya Saglam is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Oz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Aydogan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Dede is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Sahin is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Destecan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Demir is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1223
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Karakas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Arslan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Alp is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Nas is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Destecan Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Uzun is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Belgi Koc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Koc is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Dalince Sahiner is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1621
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2795
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Buyuk is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3099
Eftal Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3628
There is no such employee.
Letafet Alp is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Galibe Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 225465
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Ucar is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Toker is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Kara is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Toprak is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Dede is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Elmas is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Kocak is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Yigit is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Er is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Kara is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Aygun is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3694
There is no such employee.
Gewez Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 217716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 213105
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 5995
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 6092
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Cetin is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Aydin is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 6295
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layike Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Aslan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 211940
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Yuksel is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Aslan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 0
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 12
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 232
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Ozen is leaving from branch: Palu.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 204
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 166
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Aksu is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Guler is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 906
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layike Cicek is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 120
Hincal Aydogan is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 596
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 435
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Duran is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 742
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ihsan Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 1157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Saglam is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 206304
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Loya Polat is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Demir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 222797
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1470
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1501
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Felin Sarac is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Erkan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Aksoy is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Yasar is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2386
There is no such employee.
Beha Toprak is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Kaya is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1466
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Erkan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1502
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Avci is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Demir is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Sarac is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Ipek is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Aba Ozturk is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Tekin is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3847
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Aksu is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2851
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Ipek is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Cezlan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3898
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Yigit is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3320
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 215012
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 217429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 4687
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Yildirim is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4115
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 232928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Seker is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jade Saglam is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Ipek is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2518
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Kilic is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Banu Koc is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 403
Deryab Temel is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abgun Genc is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 912
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 673
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gerçek Akbas is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 820
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1478
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1176
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Acar is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Ekinci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1638
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Avci is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Abay Durmaz is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Aktas is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Arslan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Candan Polat is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1679
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Avci is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Aslan is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Furkan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Yildiran is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Alp is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Gunes is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Sarac is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1449
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acunalp Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezmiye Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 216518
Hilal Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3514
Merzuka Sarac is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Taskin is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3010
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1889
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Kaya is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Ekber Polat is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Er is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Kuru is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3167
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Kaya is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Tekin is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Gunes is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 237617
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Aksoy is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatunana Kocak is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Yildiz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Aksu is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Avci is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Berke Dag is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Kocak is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Cetin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Kose is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Beliz Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Genc is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Cengiz is leaving from branch: Urla.
Gokberk Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Aytac is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Edgü Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Seker is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Kilic is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2378
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Durmaz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Toprak is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ermiye Mengi is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Yildiran is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Sarac is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
Kayla Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2972
There is no such employee.
Ferid Gul is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Yucel is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Aygun is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Yildirim is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Dede is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Demir is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Karahan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Kocaman is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Genc is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Koc is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Toprak is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Yigit is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Ucar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Fer Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Saglam is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Dede is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Erturk is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Toprak is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3490
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Ozen is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Alkan is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Dede is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Kara is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Aydin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Elmas is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Temel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Leylan Erkan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 65
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Acar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffar Gunes is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Akpinar is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 410
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 502
There is no such employee.
Abay Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 711
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 455
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Cetin is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1348
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Gunes is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1496
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2035
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2092
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2322
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1737
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2204
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2360
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Aydin is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Erkan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Kaya is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Aktas is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2729
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Er is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Kaya is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamelya Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Aktas is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2553
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Alkan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Kucuk is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Aktas is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 4775
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Belemir Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3454
There is no such employee.
Kadriye Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Akpinar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3619
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3967
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Toprak is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3888
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 5561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Deryanur Demirci is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 4453
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3419
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 4003
Edahses Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Yucel is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Akpinar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 6487
Derman Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Yuksel is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 4988
Gewez Ozen is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 6729
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 0
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Duran is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 145
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Kilic is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 124
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Toprak is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Cengiz is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
Abadan Ozturk is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 234595
There is no such employee.
Evgin Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 564
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 228650
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Erturk is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Ilhami Aydemir is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 750
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 688
Jinsal Cetin is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Gunay is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1358
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 812
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Seker is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Akpinar is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Dede is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 247767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Durul Akpinar is leaving from branch: Sile.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1156
Karin Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1334
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1395
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1316
There is no such employee.
Levzi Durmaz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Kocak is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 251039
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1941
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1420
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 222958
Edgü Gul is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1455
Aybars Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 243447
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Gul is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1824
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Aydemir is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Duran is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 228867
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Durmaz is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2625
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3184
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3249
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3046
Darin Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3188
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuz Koc is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2689
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Cebeci is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3167
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Kocak is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3175
Fakihe Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 237682
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Yucel is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Balta is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Aktas is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 467
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Kara is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Elmas is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Filinta Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 793
Fuzuli Sarac is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Kuru is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Halas Seker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 593
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1051
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Yigit is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Aksu is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Gunes is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1561
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Aktas is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 225358
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 239172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Sari is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Avci is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1719
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1077
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Aytac is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Ozen is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 241997
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Dag is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 238743
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2212
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Cebeci is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Arslan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Guler is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2472
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Aksoy is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Acar is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Koc is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Aysun Temel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 239848
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Taskin is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Duran is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Yigit is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Kuru is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Sarac is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Balta is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Gunay is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Kara is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3039
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Buyuk is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 230465
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3395
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Yigit is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Yildiz is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Oz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Janset Aydemir is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Yavuz is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2725
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Demir is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Ay is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Gul is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Ekinci is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Yasar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Dag is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Dag is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Temel is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 235793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Arslan is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Yigit is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 235793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Cankut Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Aydemir is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Karakas is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Ozen is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Demir is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Ucar is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 244119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Senol is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Guler is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Alkan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 240336
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3960
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Alp is leaving from branch: Palu.
Beha Dede is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 4301
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Aytac is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fulya Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 4409
Mahbube Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Erdogan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Karahan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Sahiner is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Acar is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Ozen is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Nas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Seker is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 5786
Ecenaz Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fuad Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Aktas is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Sahiner is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Gunes is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Koc is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Duran is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Yucel is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 228835
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Elmas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Avci is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 244801
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Akbas is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Er is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Acar is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 251734
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 251849
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Ari is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 266020
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Kaya is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Saglam is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bergen Ucar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 238860
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 245621
Leyli Demirci is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ferhunde Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Erturk is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Acar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 231543
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Seker is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Yigit is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Akpinar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 231785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Guler is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 266469
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jergar Aslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Sahin is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Giram Kaya is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Demirci is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Seker is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 240928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahbube Sahiner is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Aslan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Sarac is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Dag is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Hazal Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Ay is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Durmaz is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1634
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakihe Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1011
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Karakas is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Aslan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Falaz Aslan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 675
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Gunes is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 260154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Aslan is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1184
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Delfin Karakas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1076
Feridun Sahin is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1038
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Elmas is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1383
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 240517
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Kara is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2823
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Karakas is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2433
Esennur Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Guler is leaving from branch: Sile.
Figen Acar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahir Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3067
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Sahiner is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 4171
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2211
There is no such employee.
Jefi Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Demir is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2907
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 251510
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2515
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canela Temel is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Gunay is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3699
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 254737
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2737
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Kose is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Gul is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Duran is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 257400
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 4605
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hades Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Karakas is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Sarac is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 237
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Yavuz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 994
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 552
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Taskin is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Kilic is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
Duman Yasar is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 256084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Uzun is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Banu Ay is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1481
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Alkan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 869
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 242993
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1942
There is no such employee.
Ekim Yildiran is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Karahan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Karakas is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Leylüfer Gunay is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Furkan Temel is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Ari is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Gizer Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 255433
Hulki Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2788
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 277590
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1455
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Yigit is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3614
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2518
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3197
Derin Ay is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 242222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Er is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Toprak is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3833
Dilay Tekin is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Cengiz is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Balta is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Candan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Farah Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Kocak is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Cicek is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Aydin is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 259800
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3847
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 228
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 256957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 63
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Avci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Koc is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 257083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 267597
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 254229
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Guler is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 539
Hasibe Acar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 244904
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Aktas is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1331
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1790
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1469
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dafne Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Kara is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1902
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 255112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Duran is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Erkan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2723
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 274794
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3282
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basri Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Celik is leaving from branch: Buca.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 249077
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 107
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Aygun is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 355
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 274975
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Dede is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1681
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Elmas is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 254108
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 281817
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1629
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2541
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 264688
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2064
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1999
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2400
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 266473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 268641
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1863
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Cebeci is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 276665
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2063
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Gunay is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2150
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 253081
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Ucar is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3602
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Acar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 4451
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Nas is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Yildiz is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 82
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 17
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 260988
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1078
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Kilic is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 559
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 523
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1105
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Guler is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Yigit is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Sahin is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2927
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 270568
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Yildiran is leaving from branch: Urla.
Belgi Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 262802
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Sahin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fariha Nas is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1905
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1984
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Aktas is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
Abay Erkan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3527
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Karahan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Balta is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Cicek is leaving from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3999
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Cicek is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Cetin is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4720
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 5393
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Ozen is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Akpinar is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Genc is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Seker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 267208
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Yavuz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 563
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Cebeci is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Aksu is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Temel is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 661
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 289891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1466
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 466
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Sari is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Oz is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 880
There is no such employee.
Karen Demirci is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Kose is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Aytac is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Baha Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Toprak is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Yasar is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Yasar is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2390
Deran Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Mert is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1865
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2347
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 266155
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Erturk is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Erturk is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Taskin is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Cengiz is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Temel is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3342
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2869
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Sari is leaving from branch: Buca.
Karen Aydin is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3963
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Cengiz is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Kucuk is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3702
There is no such employee.
Hadra Akbas is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 4658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Avci is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Kilic is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Acar is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Avci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
Mamure Dag is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 4559
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 5104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Sari is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Janset Erturk is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Genc is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 270462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 267818
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Balta is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 276178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 298023
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Akpinar is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 276954
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 271265
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asli Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Yildiz is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 276590
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Sahin is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Gunes is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2492
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Koc is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Alp is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 273214
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2006
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Elmas is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Celik is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Karakas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Acar is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 277168
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Kilic is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Mert is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Cengiz is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 282866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 268004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Koc is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Arslan is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 275925
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3630
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 279971
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 267873
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Mengi is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 264570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 264570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 280745
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Arzu Cetin is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 275
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Karahan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 784
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Kose is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 525
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 479
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 454
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 547
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 688
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1076
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 1273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 747
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Mengi is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1902
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2633
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Demir is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Hakverdi Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2589
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2209
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2969
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Toker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Gunes is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damla Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Koc is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Sarac is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3487
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3625
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3026
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Guler is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Acar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 3855
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4025
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Demirci is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 4519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 6377
There is no such employee.
Canperver Kose is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 4790
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Acar is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Ozen is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Yuksel is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Dede is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 579
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Erdogan is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 919
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Aytac is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Erturk is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Seker is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Geray Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatmanur Sari is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 855
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Cebeci is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Temel is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Mengi is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Gunes is leaving from branch: Genc.
Ferdi Yildirim is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 965
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1841
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1967
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Akpinar is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Ari is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Ekinci is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Yildirim is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1700
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2147
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Kara is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 278888
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2029
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2467
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Er is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Dirim Ozen is leaving from branch: Urla.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadime Ipek is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2847
There is no such employee.
Abakan/Abakay Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2965
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Toker is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Cengiz is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Kuru is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Taskin is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Erturk is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 4099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Durmaz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4050
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Genc is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Sahiner is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Aytac is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Avci is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Nas is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 5069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4209
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Yasar is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4374
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Ceylan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4695
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Polat is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebecen Temel is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Alp is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihvan Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ledeyna Erkan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Cetin is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Ozturk is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deli Alkan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 914
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etfal Demir is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Kilic is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Burak Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Nas is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Giram Aktas is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Ozen is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 856
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Ozturk is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Elmas is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Mert is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Yuksel is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 640
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1010
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Akbas is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 696
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Kara is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Erdogan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Erdogan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Haluk Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1219
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Yildiz is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Nas is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Arslan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Senol is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Yuksel is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Aydin is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1981
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 272928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balin Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2106
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Aydin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Ipek is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Aygun is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mensure Yucel is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 583
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Levzi Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Gul is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 340
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Kara is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 459
There is no such employee.
Kezban Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Kocak is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 446
Cazibe Yucel is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahsure Erkan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 399
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Gul is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Gunay is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Balta is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Tuncer is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Hasbek Alkan is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1844
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 316781
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Ozturk is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenni Buyuk is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Cengiz is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Ari is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1752
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Gaffur Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1798
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayal Sahin is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Yigit is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1660
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barbaros Aktas is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 302164
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Ay is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2420
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2525
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Kaya is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Er is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2210
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 318329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Kuru is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazilet Sari is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Aydogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2006
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Jinsal Uzun is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3826
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 292474
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Kaya is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Bartu Koc is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 287841
Bahise Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Genc is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 4178
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 4992
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Alkan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 5208
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4770
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Kuru is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Polat is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Seker is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Toprak is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Dag is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 5215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Ozturk is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 5409
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Deran Aygun is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 5776
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Cicek is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Oz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Aksoy is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Akbas is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Cicek is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1159
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Fazil Kilicarslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilgar Aktas is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Aksoy is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Makber Aygun is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Birol Aslan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Guler is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 311849
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Sarac is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Duran is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Mengi is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkoç Tekin is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1798
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 292215
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Oz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2865
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Karahan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Nas is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Sarac is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Palu.
Kayansel Arslan is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Erkan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Erkan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Yigit is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Aksu is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Ay is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Ozen is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Aksu is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janbek Toker is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Ozen is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Yucel is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Alkan is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Yucel is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 5
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Aydemir is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Loya Toker is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 576
Habide Balta is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Yigit is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 436
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 712
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Durukan Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 788
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Sarac is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Uzun is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1050
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1550
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 817
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1672
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Dag is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Kaya is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1030
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Kara is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1672
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1194
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Taskin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Cetin is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
Hikmet Aydin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Kilicarslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Duran is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Gunes is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Geray Acar is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Kocaman is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2395
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Demir is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3005
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3796
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derem Polat is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkut Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2298
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Bayrak is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2441
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4707
There is no such employee.
Bera Celik is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 297057
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Kocak is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 5107
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başak Duran is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 4542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Gunay is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Kocaman is leaving from branch: Urla.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 4314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Yuksel is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Arslan is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Alp is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Aydogan is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Erturk is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lema Ari is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 309717
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Temel is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Erdogan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Dag is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 305693
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 988
Acarbike Ekinci is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Kose is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Balta is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 302997
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Demir is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Tekin is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Mert is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Kose is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Temel is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 321770
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Sari is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizem Erturk is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Toker is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Erturk is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hursit Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Kara is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Balta is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 294015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Acar is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Tuncer is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 309224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Yavuz is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Erhan Cicek is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 300685
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Ucar is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Cicek is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Madelet Toprak is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Koc is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 5330
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Guler is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Ekinci is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 301514
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Aydemir is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 393
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Karakas is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Avci is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Gul is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gewez Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Yavuz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 897
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 303021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Yildiran is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 851
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 634
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Kaya is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 988
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1710
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 992
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 838
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Koc is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Yildirim is leaving from branch: Palu.
Fenni Cicek is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Yildiran is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1478
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1524
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Balta is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1587
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2445
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Kara is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Demirci is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Sahin is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Seker is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Elmas is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3090
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 324121
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Tuncer is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3551
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2951
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 315053
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Celik is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Celik is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3494
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3025
There is no such employee.
Abdulkadir Sahin is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Kuru is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Sarac is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Kilic is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Aygun is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Er is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3596
Cilvekar Yasar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3127
Delal Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Avci is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Ceylan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Kocak is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Demir is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Toker is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Ari is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Ceylan is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Saglam is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 5588
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Tuncer is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Kilic is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Fercan Yigit is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Tuncer is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 311586
Diclehatun Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Abad Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 321091
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Ecmel Elmas is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Ay is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1458
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 318044
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 318264
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 315110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Cicek is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1527
Funda Taskin is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 329784
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Ari is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2040
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1522
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3262
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 320463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Toker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 322818
Esmeray Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ibrahim Aksu is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2626
There is no such employee.
Fazıl Ceylan is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Koc is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Abaza Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
Davud Cetin is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 316938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Sari is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Demirci is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Başar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3492
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 4229
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3764
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Genc is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 314288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Toprak is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Demir is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Kucuk is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Senol is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 315336
Faris Temel is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 321570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsafa Senol is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Yildiz is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3277
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 321570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gayret Kose is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3198
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3160
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Alkan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 4226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 314661
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 4181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Kucuk is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Aktas is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4371
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 6542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 5070
Bakinaz Aksu is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Demirbilek Kose is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cahide Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Gul is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 334102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Ozturk is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Arslan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 299533
Ecesoy Aydogan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 165
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 312287
Dilfiruz Elmas is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 34
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Ozturk is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Ucar is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 317257
There is no such employee.
Ira Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 636
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 345920
There is no such employee.
Fakri Toker is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Mert is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 985
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavanta Genc is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 873
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 317731
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Aslan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Hadra Ekinci is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1444
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Aslan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1651
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Dede is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 324598
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Yavuz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 350690
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Erturk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Seker is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Dilbirin Ari is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Elmas is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Sarac is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2680
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Abak Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Sari is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Aytac is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Acar is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duman Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 319895
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Genc is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Gunes is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Alp is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3140
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Haki Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 337987
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 336955
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Avci is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Ceylan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3528
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Gunes is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Kilic is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardan Alp is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 340071
Aydemir Aydemir is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Kara is leaving from branch: Sile.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3938
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3660
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 303485
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 4623
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 350208
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 329315
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3959
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 316519
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Yildiran is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 5784
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 325204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elacık Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Sarac is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 163
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Kuru is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Yildiz is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baskın Celik is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Aydin is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 480
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Aksu is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Aslan is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Yildiran is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 603
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Tuncer is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2163
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1437
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1657
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gevher Aygun is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Celik is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Sarac is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1265
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2348
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Aksu is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Karakas is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2207
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3666
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Sari is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Cicek is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3449
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 326895
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Temel is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Yasar is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Ay is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3093
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 347062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Taskin is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Taskin is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 5526
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Taskin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fevzi Avci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Erdogan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Bahtiyar Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Yuksel is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1164
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Yigit is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
Ilbas Ay is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Fer Kuru is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Daim Aydemir is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Ay is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 918
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2492
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Kose is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Koc is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2912
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Temel is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faden Koc is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 357237
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Aslan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3713
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Er is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Acar is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esmeray Demir is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Akpinar is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Balta is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 5475
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 356565
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Nas is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Karahan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 5082
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Acar is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Ari is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Kose is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Aydogan is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Toker is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 6237
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Aksoy is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
Mahiye Bayrak is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Er is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 6424
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feza Erturk is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 173
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 487
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 595
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 613
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 669
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 328678
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Oz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1170
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 351619
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 361472
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 821
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 340222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Dag is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 610
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1825
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Ihsan Ekinci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 331851
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2669
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Aydin is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Hayat Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Kaya is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2901
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Yasar is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 336686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 331762
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 4540
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3123
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3631
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3962
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Uzun is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 5072
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 4913
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Ari is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Kuru is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 335378
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 329328
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Aytac is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 626
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 370083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Durmaz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Kilic is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 356930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1067
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Toker is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Nas is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1624
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1314
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Gunay is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Aytac is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 346869
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 359708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Akbas is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2133
Haluk Yavuz is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Karahan is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azad Senol is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ajda Aytac is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Celik is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 343650
There is no such employee.
Leylak Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Buyuk is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2452
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 347961
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Ay is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Uzun is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 321332
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Temel is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Senol is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Kucuk is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 337101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 372945
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 330597
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4818
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Erdogan is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Senol is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Yucel is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Demir is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermani Aksu is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Fahir Elmas is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 4977
Fezai Celik is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Oz is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 4689
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Tekin is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 338850
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Sarac is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Polat is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Yavuz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meserret Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 5367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 354
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Demir is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Ipek is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1106
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1120
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Kaya is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acem Kocak is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 351250
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Tuncer is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Mert is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1920
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Ay is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Yasar is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Demiralp Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3021
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2357
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farik Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Ekinci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Cilvekar Balta is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Toprak is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 337315
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Avci is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Celik is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
Evrensel Cetin is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3727
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Alkan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 347257
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Duran is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 349963
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Kuru is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Kuru is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Genc is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Avci is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Mengi is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 353922
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1171
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 823
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 355766
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havle Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2974
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2488
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 356141
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 340123
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2466
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3175
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3589
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4262
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3659
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 5504
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 4305
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4857
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 5190
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 359455
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayehatun Yigit is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Tuncer is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Polat is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Alkan is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihsan Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Alkan is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Kara is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Izgutay Yildirim is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1345
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Cicek is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Koc is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Yavuz is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 382347
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 332506
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Tuncer is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 382674
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Hincal Ari is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 350312
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Yasar is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Cengiz is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Kose is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Karahan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Senol is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Sari is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Alp is leaving from branch: Urla.
Abdulkadir Yuksel is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Mert is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Ozen is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 355497
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Oz is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Faris Kocak is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Aktas is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Ozen is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 362708
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Aksoy is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Karahan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Guler is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Erkan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Koc is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Dag is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karin Acar is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
Esennur Ipek is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Saglam is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Tuncer is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Demirci is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1550
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Ay is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Yuksel is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Saglam is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 351902
Aysel Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 371751
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Kilic is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 392093
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Dag is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Aksu is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İdil Nas is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Demir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Gedik Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Polat is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Ilcan Alp is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Oz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Aktas is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Yasar is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Seker is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Kuru is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 367537
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Gul is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 360
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 395692
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Alp is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Yuksel is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Gunes is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irmak Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Avci is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 374047
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gilyas Kuru is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 363667
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 380832
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 399153
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 389846
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 395145
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Er is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 375117
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 691
Fena Kuru is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Erdogan is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Karahan is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1916
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 381704
Iyiturk Tekin is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Guler is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 356657
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 355993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leman Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Toprak is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 370003
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Yasar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahzure Avci is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 397752
Irsat Polat is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canhanım Kose is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1846
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Acar is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Aktas is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Guler is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3837
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Sarac is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Aydin is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Elmas is leaving from branch: Sincan.
Acer Kuru is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 372090
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4076
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 370234
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Kara is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Dede is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Koc is leaving from branch: Urla.
Iraz Erkan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Deryanur Erkan is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Acar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Er is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 372
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Er is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 371539
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Polat is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Seker is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Seker is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Ari is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Alp is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Karahan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Toker is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Gul is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 343848
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 369146
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2562
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Demirci is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Polat is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1845
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Aydemir is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 402007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2283
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1223
Jutenya Akbas is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 373548
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Guler is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3043
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Kadime Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 368669
Fazil Balta is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 354856
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 363750
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Ari is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 403734
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 363964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Demir is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dayahatun Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Saglam is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Yasar is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 374607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3878
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3014
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 375930
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 381634
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4285
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 5034
Abadan Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Kose is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Sari is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 364618
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4455
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 382126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 5458
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Oz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Demirci is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Uzun is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Sari is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Balta is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganime Ekinci is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Alp is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Durmaz is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 394000
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Gunes is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Cetin is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 401468
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Ozturk is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Ay is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Alp is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Aygül Ipek is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 371504
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Ari is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Gunay is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 358618
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Yasar is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 367281
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 366105
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 377358
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 402829
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Iras Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 369627
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 368381
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Erdogan is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Lal Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İffet Gul is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 374976
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 373060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Gul is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erkinay Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 377828
Beliz Gunes is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Uzun is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Cebeci is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Funda Erdogan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaila/Kayla Guler is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Füreyya Sahiner is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Acar is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Dede is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Er is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 378213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokalp Kara is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 4055
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Cicek is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 375055
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 385809
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 374603
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Mert is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Gunes is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Kose is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Erturk is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Toprak is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Sahin is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiha Arslan is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Yuksel is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Yucel is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayvaz Yigit is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1273
There is no such employee.
Hamit Koc is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2050
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1031
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2433
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2062
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Arslan is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Ucar is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Erkan is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Senol is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Mert is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydanur Demir is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Dag is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3071
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Gunay is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makbule Ozen is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Akbas is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Gunay is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3976
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Aydogan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Iknat Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Dag is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Aksoy is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Seker is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 380300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 383985
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bagatur Demirci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Tekin is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Alp is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Polat is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Sahin is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Balta is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Gunes is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Balta is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Karakas is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4154
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Aydogan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 360171
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Duran is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3946
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Guler is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Avci is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Aksu is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygül Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 501
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Yasar is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Polat is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Ozturk is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 391614
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Erdogan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Maide Tuncer is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Ucar is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abay Yasar is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Akpinar is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2453
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Sari is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Avci is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Nas is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Balta is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3025
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2997
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Abat Polat is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3493
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3025
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3819
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Taskin is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Ucar is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belen Demir is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Yildirim is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 5170
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceren Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 4019
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Polat is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Aktas is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3694
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgar Mengi is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Layza Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 420
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 743
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jinsal Kaya is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Senol is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 383019
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1141
There is no such employee.
Istemihan Yasar is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 942
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1522
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Polat is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1231
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1471
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behçet Karakas is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1598
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Dag is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1053
There is no such employee.
Burak Erkan is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencal Yildirim is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 934
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1302
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Temel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Kaya is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Hacı Guler is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Ipek is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Emel Kaya is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1568
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Erturk is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Cetin is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
Basim Aslan is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Avci is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2437
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Demirci is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1805
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Aslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Cetin is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Arslan is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1805
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2919
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Tuncer is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2902
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2932
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derman Nas is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2971
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 385554
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4952
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3665
Hamide Aydogan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3725
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3767
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Aksu is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duran Karahan is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Kara is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 398366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Er is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Fitnat Temel is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Faik Sahin is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4157
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3441
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Karahan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 4522
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 4686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 92
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 281
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canan Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
Burç Yigit is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 389
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 365
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Acar is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 817
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 403
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 706
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Erturk is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 378017
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Aydemir is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 800
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Tuncer is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 913
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Tekin is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1030
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Temel is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Buyuk is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1430
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 2135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habib Ucar is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2114
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2176
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2196
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1707
Dorukhan Uzun is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2789
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecir Kaya is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Ucar is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2698
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cansel Kose is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3042
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3228
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3048
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4051
There is no such employee.
Faruk Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3258
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 398533
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Dalince Sahiner.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Gunes is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Kilic is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
Basri Sarac is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Yildiz is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 412
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 430748
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 358
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Yildiran is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 409054
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Ipek is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
Enginsel Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 401932
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Aydogan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 433599
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Yucel is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Bayrak is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gorani Yuksel is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanbeğendi Gunay is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 406308
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Seker is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 435936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Duran is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 512
Berkay Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Celik is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 772
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 586
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 311
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 418099
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 411
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2156
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 990
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 407358
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1183
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 633
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 400363
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Guler is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Yasar is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2132
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 408007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Ucar is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demiralp Balta is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3188
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 415257
There is no such employee.
Kayra Aygun is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2642
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Cezlan Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 404156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Kavin Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 4406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 422086
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 437908
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 392177
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Arslan is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3825
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekin Akbas is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farise Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 257
There is no such employee.
Elbek Polat is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 393538
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Karahan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 406364
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1979
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3771
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 411281
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fidan Gunay is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 412316
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Yasar is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3790
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 412895
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3692
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Inanna Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 443570
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Dahiye Alp is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Ari is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 445028
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1008
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Alkan is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1750
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Taskin is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 457970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 894
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsat Acar is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 422686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 429247
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
Ferzin Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdem Tuncer is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Aslan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hatice Yildirim is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Guler is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihlamur Erturk is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Badem Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Buyuk is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 408762
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 428336
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erensu Kara is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 460041
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3187
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3286
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Sahiner is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Istemihan Kocak is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Aydin is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fezai Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 420071
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Yucel is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 404819
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canece Cicek is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3931
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Senol is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Demir is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 410581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikrettin Kara is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Sahin is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Senol is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Kose is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Ozen is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Celik is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Duran is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Fekahet Er is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 448857
Filinta Saglam is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Yigit is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 4814
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Gunes is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 5753
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Celik is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Mahrem Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Oz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Demirci is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canperver Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
Gazel Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Yucel is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aygen Alp is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ira Ipek is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Kucuk is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jengar Sahiner is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Kocak is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Guler is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Gunes is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Fecri Gul is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Er is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Ceylan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Buyuk is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Yucel is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Toprak is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgun Saglam is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakinaz Mert is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Mert is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elanaz Cicek is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Aydogan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Ebubekir Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Kara is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Toker is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mesudane Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Koc is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Saglam is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Ari is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbad Kucuk is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Kilic is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abuşka Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 429622
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 220
There is no such employee.
Hanbey Oz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 13
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 535
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 217
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 423566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 418196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Yuksel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 439040
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1356
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Guler is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 866
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 467207
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezgin Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2104
There is no such employee.
Burak Cicek is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2120
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 446899
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1658
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3079
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Aygun is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 467816
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 413542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdenay Dede is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Mert is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Aktas is leaving from branch: Urla.
Izzettin Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİna Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Sari is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3825
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3026
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryab Aydogan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Polat is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 456559
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
Fazıl Saglam is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3793
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Kilicarslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Ceylan is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Demir is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4463
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evrensel Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3054
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 464414
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3798
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 3783
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Buyuk is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Gunes is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 414212
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadire Ipek is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 148
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Aydogan is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Tuncer is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 428111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Aygun is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 487
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Guler is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1016
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1276
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 397807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Arslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Aslan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Demirci is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1965
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 398068
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakverdi Mengi is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamile Kara is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 2347
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1915
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farika Senol is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 431210
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Erturk is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1851
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eyşan Kaya is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Ari is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Yildiz is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Taskin is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 418252
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
Demirezen Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Gunay is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galip Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Aytac is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 452571
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darcan Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2604
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Aktas is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bala Aytac is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3130
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 429120
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2883
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3184
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eser Ay is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2078
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Gul is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3625
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Kaya is leaving from branch: Urla.
Havva Ozturk is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Karakas is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilla Gunes is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Ucar is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 241
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 333
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emel Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Debernuş Senol is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 388
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulhamit Sarac is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
Bergen Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhan Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Gunes is leaving from branch: Dicle.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irtek Kucuk is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 937
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 939
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1287
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Ari is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1400
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1157
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1537
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1503
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamuran Avci is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Kara is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Yavuz is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1830
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Yildiz is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdi Toker is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3035
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Yildiz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Demirci is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1893
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2332
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3063
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3474
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2954
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3634
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 4312
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Sari is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Ucar is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhunde Yildiz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2827
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 4084
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janset Akbas is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3372
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huray Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3482
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Sahin is leaving from branch: Urgup.
Ira Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4182
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Cetin is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Demirci is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derya Taskin is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damla Balta is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Mengi is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 963
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1186
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 604
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 668
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Akpinar is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlke Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 512
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Ozen is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Levin Koc is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 769
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 430065
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1464
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Firdevsi Kaya is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Ay is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1547
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Ekinci is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Temel is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 467885
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1739
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 438108
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Kocaman is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ishak Aslan is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aybars Cebeci is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Yasar is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 2853
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2537
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Seker is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2714
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isfendiyar Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Mengi is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Gelenay Aksoy is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felek Kucuk is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Derya Uzun is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Ozen is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3472
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3533
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Aydemir is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Demir is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
Ilbay Er is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Avci is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3284
There is no such employee.
Fazh Gul is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Lİla Erkan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Dag is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2407
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4124
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrume Senol is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2477
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hizir Balta is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 415609
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Tekin is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkan Yasar is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Gunay is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Aygun is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Gunay is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Gunes is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Kocaman is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Galibe Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 477
There is no such employee.
Edayi Aygun is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Nas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Duran is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Balta is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1068
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Duran is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Ertunga Yigit is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Gunes is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Yildiran is leaving from branch: Ergani.
Acarhatun Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Sarac is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Yavuz is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Akbas is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Temel is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadın Aslan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1694
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2513
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Emetullah Temel is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2236
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 435126
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1213
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 416822
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2025
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 3227
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Aytac is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakirullah Mengi is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eğmen Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2254
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alara Kucuk is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Demir is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Donat Senol is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysel Bayrak is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 436513
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Saglam is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3037
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Erkan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekber Tuncer is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Arslan is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Mert is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 4413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Kaya is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Aytac is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Kucuk is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Kucuk is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berke Sahiner is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 5088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamdullah Polat is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deha Erdogan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 4256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Gurbuz is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Inanna Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbay Yuksel is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 425868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Er is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Makbule Aygun is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 442899
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 165
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Acar is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Aydogan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Kilic is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 418972
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecenaz Ucar is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 460725
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lal Mert is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 650
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Cebeci is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Dag is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canal Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 443119
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Kaya is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Kuru is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 4517
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Erturk is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Gunay is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahariye Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 429961
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Saglam is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 4131
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildan Ay is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 4616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 449606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Gunes is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Kose is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Cebeci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Yigit is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 442849
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 325
There is no such employee.
Fitnat Aydogan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilferah Erkan is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 425
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 278
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 471427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 442697
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 416
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 450375
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 775
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 422
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Tekin is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Germa Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1551
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Ari is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarhatun Cetin is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferahfeza Sahiner is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Kahya Kilic is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1362
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feridun Kuru is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacil Saglam is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 2213
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2467
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Alkan is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Polat is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebed Celik is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1623
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1635
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Kuru is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derin Elmas is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1985
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Erkan is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Yavuz is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 466872
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2275
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garibe Yigit is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2507
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Yuksel is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Aynur Koc is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 453774
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3688
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 474772
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakgüzar Aksoy is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3794
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3347
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 449379
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Taskin is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3379
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jale Buyuk is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 468726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Polat is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3921
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Cengiz is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 4348
There is no such employee.
Aysun Kuru is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4673
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 4691
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3894
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jilda Kilic is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 447578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Cetin is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Koc is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 449018
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felat Sahin is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanedan Arslan is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faik Seker is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 111
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Karakas is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 832
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 465037
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 455238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1055
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Toker is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Koc is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egezade Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 450847
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 471083
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 450966
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1311
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lemide Sari is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 451744
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 450942
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Cicek is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1905
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1158
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokberk Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1753
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2025
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 489112
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2384
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Buyuk is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Taskin is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2399
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Cebeci is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Dede is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
İffet Aktas is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 455274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2557
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 467931
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gece Demir is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2318
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Elmas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Arslan is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebriz Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Sahin is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 455483
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 451707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Oz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 450899
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Er is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Taskin is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdal Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3889
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 441715
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2831
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 458253
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecebay Kocak is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kalender Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Koc is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deryanur Elmas is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Ekinci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Sarac is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Sari is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Ay is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Toprak is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 459537
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 481726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Kayansel Arslan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Tekin is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 482698
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katmer Cebeci is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 470926
Meserret Kose is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 460050
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 502100
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezgi Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Alp is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Handan Kilic is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aba Sahiner is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Hayriye Sahiner is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Alp is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Derince Genc is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
Halide Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Gunes is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gediz Gul is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 440682
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delice Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 458226
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adile Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Duran is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 505648
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Saglam is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavide Balta is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylim Ipek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 441896
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlayda Aytac is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuad Cicek is leaving from branch: Sile.
Asiye Alkan is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hüdaverdi Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilkat Yildiran is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Erdibike Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yavuz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Ilgaz Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 459839
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Azmi Yigit is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Nas is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Kocak is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Demirci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Kuru is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Aydogan is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Erkan is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Gunes is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Alev Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Senol is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Erdogan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Alkan is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erk Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Latife Toprak is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 475800
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 462745
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 458303
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haldun Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Erkan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 892
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Oz is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Alp is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1367
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jaledar Kaya is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeda Akpinar is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canaş Genc is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1136
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halide Er is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdoğan Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 854
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 512108
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2034
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasbek Mert is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Avci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1734
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 1310
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1737
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1146
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 3414
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Gunes is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2833
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2801
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 467649
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2220
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 460970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efdal Saglam is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 472158
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3842
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kardelen Durmaz is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baran Gunay is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Senol is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2231
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Gunay is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 472716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 469237
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 465477
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2828
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytunç Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3598
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 472476
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 4988
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4060
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 4070
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 503594
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Uzun is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4646
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4021
Ilgun Yildiz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 4357
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylak Buyuk is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 473239
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 181
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 102
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dehna Celik is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 948
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 383
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilkcan Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 285
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Aktas is leaving from branch: Genc.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 635
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Yildiz is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 435063
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahibe Koc is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 444098
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 471748
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Cicek is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 418
There is no such employee.
Farika Akpinar is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Yuksel is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Kara is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1122
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Aygun is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larasu Buyuk is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahir Ipek is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1881
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelincik Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Korkmaz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Larissa Ceylan is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1504
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 516582
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1951
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 489765
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Durmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Aygun is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahperi Kucuk is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doruk Aydin is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 448861
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2417
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canay Sarac is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Saglam is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daya Aydin is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cihanay Ceylan is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2704
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3044
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 454611
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Kara is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Uzun is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 445672
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dileda Seker is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahrettin Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2863
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayriye Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 506104
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Senol is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2758
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Atilgan Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kevser Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Polat is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2632
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Idris Demirci is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 3946
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gale Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hidayet Toprak is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Durmaz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Mert is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 475729
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Senol is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Cetin is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Ekinci is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 468487
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lerzan Kuru is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 455580
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 931
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalım Karahan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Alkan is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 753
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildem Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 903
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdurrahman Tasdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Tuncer is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 868
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahiye Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Erturk is dismissed from branch: Palu.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erksin Kuru is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 2386
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 472290
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 480186
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Yildiz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1385
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2535
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2501
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 2033
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Dag is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 1791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Yilmazer is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2627
Can Erturk is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 3912
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Aydemir is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Tuncer is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Celik is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 473264
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2743
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydacan Tuncer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jefi Ozturk is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2384
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Aytac is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yigit is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 474889
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3939
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 3994
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Kucuk is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hayat Taskin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 473909
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Arslan is leaving from branch: Palu.
Duman Mert is promoted from Cook to Manager.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4739
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 441515
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ihya Acar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayfer Erkan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isa Aksoy is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Kuru is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 461912
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Mengi is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Atilgan Avci is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4672
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 481166
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamit Balta is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 118
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikan Durmaz is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Genc is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 35
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 179
There is no such employee.
Burç Alp is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Ayberk Uzun is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 477194
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 526612
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaffur Aslan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Duran is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 498250
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 623
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1287
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 543
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 1166
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kavin Kocaman is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Balta is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1035
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 3001
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Arslan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekmeleddin Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Sahin is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faraziye Aydogan is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 3260
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Nas is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Aytac is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Guler is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Aba Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrar Durmaz is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2643
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evgin Sahiner is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadime Guler is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3433
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakan Elmas is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Dag is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2398
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 4438
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edgü Alkan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengisu Saglam is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3888
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Arzu Aslan is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Aytac is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 483923
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Genc is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Tekin is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
Habide Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 5594
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 3800
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 479169
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Celik is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Asli Oz is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Cebeci is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 4462
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 6678
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3938
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eren Avci is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilhami Kocaman is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Kilic is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 498000
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Kocak is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Evrensel Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 448764
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karakız Aygun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Filiz Akpinar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 484914
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havin Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 481366
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Erdogan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Uzun is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Karakas is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Nas is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Tekin is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gani Akbas is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hejmar Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belen Tekin is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Aslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 480843
There is no such employee.
Irak Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Demir is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Demir is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Ceylan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbey Celik is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Avci is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 479786
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lara Aksoy is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Kose is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Evin Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Duman Mert.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 492392
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halef Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filinta Koc is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencaslan Aslan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 295
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 528323
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 768
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 530338
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Destan Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 471530
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Ozen is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazan Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbas Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Akbas is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faruk Mengi is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Ozen is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçmen Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1652
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamide Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 509027
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2269
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Burak Nas is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 489397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Duru Aygun is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Yildiz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Gul is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Seker is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beha Balta is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecmel Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fahri Avci is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Duman Mert.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fehim Tuncer is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durul Senol is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 5698
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Oz is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 497976
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 494204
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jasmin Aydin is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilbirin Yuksel is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filiz Kuru is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 25
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Koc is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 1118
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Aksu is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Aslan is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Sahin is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1288
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Aygun is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 475163
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Ilaydin Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 1607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdulrezzak Cebeci is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Acem Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Akpinar is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Geray Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1469
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Daltekin Gunes is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2189
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Nas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Kose is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 512144
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1862
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 2621
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3214
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2266
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 3279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 512296
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahire Yigit is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 476369
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afet Ekinci is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 3483
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozdemir Cetin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 498674
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 494986
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Ceylan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 497702
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 5876
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aysun Yasar is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 5514
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 508279
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 500128
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Duran is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Gunes is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Duran is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lalin Aytac is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Itri Kucuk is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecegül Duran is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Karakas is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Karahan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Ozdemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 501471
Husam Uzun is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayla Cebeci is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Karahan is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Ucar is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatih Oz is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Cengiz is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Basim Aydemir is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrur Cengiz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalince Ay is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 473579
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 500185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Alp is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Oz is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Mert is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 484566
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Nas is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferda Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habide Erdogan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalbaş Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
Cemresu Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceyhan Cengiz is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Dede is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydonat Toprak is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eftal Ipek is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Kara is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celile Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
Hurel Dagdelen is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kezban Tekin is leaving from branch: Urla.
Jergar Ay is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Mengi is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canane Aydemir is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 526900
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Duman Mert.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Polat is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Ekinci is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Belemir Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 487591
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Ozen is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
Faruk Senol is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankut Ay is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecir Bayrak is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 518339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Leylüfer Tuncer is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Tekin is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Demir is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Efehan Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elbek Ipek is leaving from branch: Gursu.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 519251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erhan Erkan is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jerfi Temel is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 508761
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 485677
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Macide Temel is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkiz Cebeci is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Yasar is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iraz Uzun is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Kose is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharnaz Erturk is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Durmaz is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Cengiz is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Erkan is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
Ilgaz Kilic is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dildar Mengi is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 4225
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 520917
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 511767
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferruh Sarac is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
Gogen Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girin Toker is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Kocaman is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 471639
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 540732
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Etkin Guler is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgi Yavuz is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 540732
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 91
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Kose is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 508152
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Yildiz is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Guler is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 542423
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahise Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Ari is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaymak Ari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abak Ozturk is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Demir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilmi Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadil Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Celik is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdülalim Aktas is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1578
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 504843
There is no such employee.
Galip Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalya Yildirim is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jalenur Gul is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bediz Buyuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 513065
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burak Gunes is dismissed from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bilal Ozen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 505
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 14
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firuze Kilic is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 482172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fıda Kucuk is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meral Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 946
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 945
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1582
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Buyuk is leaving from branch: Siteler.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 515709
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 873
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 483372
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2277
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch this month are: 1161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1211
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bengi Gunes is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 528400
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
Mahrur Cebeci is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2725
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 532870
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 536527
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiser Sarac is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1726
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekim Yilmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Buyuk is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kader Karakas is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1602
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Yavuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 2295
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 508190
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilaydin Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2358
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 510197
Bergen Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Habibullah Toprak is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 537751
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3741
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iras Dede is leaving from branch: Urla.
Ferah Ay is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 487495
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2651
Ihvan Sahiner is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 478233
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habibullah Aydemir is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ece Ipek is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Memduha Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 5083
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 539791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Ekinci is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 510027
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 5763
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4647
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 497999
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edahses Yasar is dismissed from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakim Karahan is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Alp is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 260
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 522429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 686
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfigar Temel is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 1110
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 551714
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 516489
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Tasdemir is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 521202
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1818
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Karakas is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hincal Avci is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1885
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Ari is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 1885
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 1894
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3905
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 2756
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2152
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2047
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 4401
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Makber Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 4162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Duman Mert.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 538568
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4591
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 4002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 4728
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 5382
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 4808
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 4581
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belgin Durmaz is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 4656
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 4283
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Guler is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 6172
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurkan Tuncer is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kamer Kuru is dismissed from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Aslan is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebubekir Erkan is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 582
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 570
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Aksu is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Akpinar is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edhem Yigit is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kainat Yucel is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Yildirim is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Sahin is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendil Aygun is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Sarac is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
Berk Cebeci is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3297
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Tuncer is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Aksu is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destecan Elmas is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
Bahiye Er is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Yildirim is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3936
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Durmaz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birsoy Temel is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lale Avci is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacı Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 533416
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2939
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulusi Cicek is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 4576
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 5220
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Davud Kose is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadıla Ucar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Guler is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leylifer Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 572251
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 517127
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Yucel is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Arslan is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ediz Tekin is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felat Acar is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 361
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Aydemir is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delal Er is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Balta is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halas Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 562789
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 535127
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Nas is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 575243
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mefharet Dede is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilsozi Genc is dismissed from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 3221
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 2259
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abduş Tekin is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 535892
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4883
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyla Yucel is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 537823
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gavsi Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 566645
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 451
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 183
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 458
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dündar Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 919
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Tekin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahizar Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazi Duran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1598
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Harika Dag is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1525
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husamettin Acar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 551406
There is no such employee.
Hanife Aydin is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1707
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3105
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 2004
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Sari is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2892
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2431
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadim Duran is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2542
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Açelya Balta is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Caneda Dagdelen is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 536508
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanif Akbas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Cemresu Gunay is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Danyal Kilicaslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Loya Yildiran is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2176
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2791
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 2935
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 560278
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Göçer Acar is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2281
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Adalet Ozdemir is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 569671
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cezire Yildirim is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Erdogan is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 514773
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Seker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 3169
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feleytun Yildirim is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Kuru is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3306
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Yavuz is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 4369
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4461
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3627
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Kocaman is dismissed from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Gunes is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 4722
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 4413
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 5586
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Toprak is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 74
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafız Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eceseren Erkan is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edebali Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 289
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daristan Ceylan is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1214
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 928
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daime Sahin is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Balkin Erturk is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katun Toker is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahriye Yigit is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1337
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Cebeci is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadile Aytac is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 973
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merze Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Seker is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilbilge Kocaman is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakanay Alp is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eti Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferhat Toker is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Tuncer is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 2096
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2301
Delice Ari is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilham Cicek is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmure Gunay is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2701
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jeyan Karakas is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazele Demir is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Temel is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3208
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Akbas is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 542694
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 4770
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Polat is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Erkan is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilcan Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatoş Kuru is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Yavuz is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ermiye Aksu is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İlkben Cebeci is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamiye Erdogan is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Demirci is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cenah Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abat Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 545719
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1360
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 547005
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berk Tekin is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2305
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 542851
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 552446
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2088
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Koc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Destan Yucel is dismissed from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 2705
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2707
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 3427
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 563337
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 559415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 522716
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Celik is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 543799
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 3256
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 222
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 174
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Gunay is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayaz Ucar is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 170
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 547547
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 1406
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 536970
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 827
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch are: 541007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 795
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2160
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1825
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 1516
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1207
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatma Aygun is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Celvetiye Cetin is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1538
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 2416
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 555389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cavlan Taskin is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2685
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3396
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2991
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 577176
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2878
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abadan Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3620
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abbase Aytac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2668
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 5264
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Genc is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Kose is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 5834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 3091
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 4300
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diba Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 556508
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 3774
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Yigit is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilemma Yasar is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 526676
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3859
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Beliz Uzun is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 583923
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Farah Karakas is dismissed from branch: Kovancilar.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 5286
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 562347
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 621
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 584968
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lİla Toprak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 558274
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 1073
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 549908
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 1595
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fecri Yildiran is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Toker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Enginsel Polat is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 1992
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 556891
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2949
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Deran Akpinar is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
Kevser Dede is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Girgin Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Yavuz is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahar Uzun is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 557705
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gelin Saglam is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3339
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jiyan Sahin is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Funda Yucel is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hanife Celik is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecem Kilic is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Kaya is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aytekin Balta is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Can Erkan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 529977
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jutenya Ceylan is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gamze Taskin is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 576606
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ceydasu Guler is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch are: 524658
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mamure Sari is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aykut Seker is leaving from branch: Palu.
Debernuş Aydemir is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Cengiz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Aslan is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 589631
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 762
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 871
Feridun Ay is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 560273
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jarin Akpinar is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Balta is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Toprak is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Katre Durmaz is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Memduha Akbas is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irak Koc is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 585723
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazal Aktas is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2536
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 572053
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyan Genc is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 2871
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mediha Er is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Yasar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Duman Mert.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Sahiner is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Figen Sarac is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 2619
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 561444
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haluk Toker is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 560129
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 532990
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fenniye Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamiyet Toker is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 4624
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Filizer Arslan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Hafize Senol is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2426
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Senol is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayra Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Halilullah Uzun is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hurol Oz is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 534490
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Devrim Cebeci is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Cicek is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 4888
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delistan Aydemir is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 520929
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Aslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizmen Balta is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edra Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Genc.
Bahtiyar Sari is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 404
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 613
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikret Yildirim is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 578431
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gedik Aksu is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 558763
Hamra Senol is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 838
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 565903
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 1329
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahinur Temel is dismissed from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazale Akpinar is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Ay is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1147
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fadik Kocak is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 1925
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1138
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1459
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Dag is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 2181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erdibike Aydogan is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Gihev Cetin is dismissed from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Temel is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 1865
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 1543
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benan Aydemir is dismissed from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esved Sahiner is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamis Aktas is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch this month are: 2415
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Mengi is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Jilda Erturk is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilkeste Demirci is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazire Kocak is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Balta is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Kilicaslan is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3072
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbey Bayrak is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3440
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 596737
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgi Gunay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahru Mert is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 3228
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kayansel Yildiran is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
Göçmen Yildirim is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Janseli Tekin is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Sahiner is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faika Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 4293
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Maide Temel is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3088
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 3088
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 5090
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 5486
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyal Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 3332
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch this month are: 4470
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ayhan Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 563049
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 561060
Dehan Cengiz is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 5002
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birol Koc is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 7135
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aber Sari is dismissed from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Karakas is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 321
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 319
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abaza Aksu is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
Kısmet Yigit is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karen Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Celik is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 224
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aborkar Kilic is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dahiye Senol is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Behin Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edaay Yucel is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1197
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Ozturk is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Senol is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ildir Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Seker is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gencay Ceylan is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bozkaya Gunay is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aziz Avci is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Kose is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1472
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 993
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirok Karahan is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
Acer Arslan is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gizer Cebeci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch are: 573144
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 2308
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huriye Gunes is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hasret Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch are: 562957
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 2230
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Oz is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 3216
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2128
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cemalnur Toprak is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Daim Duran is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Afitap Akbas is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Ay is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 597775
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 536324
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dorukhan Genc is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 3057
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İkbal Kocak is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferdi Dede is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokay Erdogan is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Ishak Akbas is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4406
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahrem Sari is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilci Ay is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fatine Yasar is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bakiye Aksu is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Melodi Avci is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belemir Akbas is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Asuman Elmas is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 571799
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mayra Cengiz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 572458
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ergin Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 599807
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lebibe Bayrak is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch are: 552944
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Dede is dismissed from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Kara is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 589161
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 564806
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch are: 603441
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Esennur Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faden Tuncer is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 572034
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 573389
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Havva Demir is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertunga Ozturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gezer Alkan is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
Evin Ekinci is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecesoy Elmas is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Letafet Yilmaz is dismissed from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 565513
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 565724
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahamra Yucel is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Birmen Cicek is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abdullah Sarac is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bartu Sahin is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecevit Guler is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 607101
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fekahet Oz is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aylin Tuncer is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 566209
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 532238
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hediye Seker is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fakri Temel is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baharcan Gunes is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyzullah Yildiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berat Yasar is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 573905
Aytekin Uzun is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Ozturk is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ertan Aydin is dismissed from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Ay is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 573587
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Barut Durmaz is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kaniye Aygun is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hamza Avci is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 547996
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feyza Aydin is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Belde Gunay is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 591964
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Korkmaz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 576829
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ganimet Aksoy is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 574654
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Darin Ucar is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fuzuli Gunes is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Yasar is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hacer Kilicarslan is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfiruz Tasdemir is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferzin Demirci is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Toprak is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
İclal Aydemir is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 721
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebyar Toker is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Arapgir branch are: 541543
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karina Dag is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 1488
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dijdar Ekinci is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cannur Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Kocaman is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilfeza Toprak is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cankat Korkmaz is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haki Cebeci is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinsoy Yildirim is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gokben Er is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Diclehatun Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
Cankut Genc is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 594342
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Feray Tekin is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gıyas Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abad Kose is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Akpinar is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abendam Erturk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hamra Kuru is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Karakas is dismissed from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hulki Gul is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalayer Arslan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Habil Toker is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 3410
There is no such employee.
Ecehan Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dal Senol is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch are: 577620
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Laylank Aksoy is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erendiz Ekinci is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Edayi Er is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Garabed Karahan is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elmira Elmas is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aleyna Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jehat Sari is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Füreyya Erdogan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 3009
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Doğannur Aksu is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hafsa Alkan is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canfeza Akpinar is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hale Toprak is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 84
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 0
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 670
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Acarbike Yildirim is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Himmet Erturk is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Damra Dede is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 395
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 780
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 40
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karya Genc is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hiram Mengi is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haktan Ekinci is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Heper Gurbuz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hikmet Kocaman is leaving from branch: Nilufer.
Manager of the Palu branch is Duman Mert.
Bengi Yildirim is dismissed from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 1149
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch this month are: 1206
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 1074
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gazel Ekinci is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gaye Kocak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mecide Koc is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aynur Alkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enhar Karahan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Ilgat Gunes is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch this month are: 1637
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 2061
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canipek Oz is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Medar Kara is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Canaş Yucel is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2008
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Tuncer is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch this month are: 2019
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 2015
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ecrin Temel is leaving from branch: Dicle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1924
Ezgi Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2311
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Gunes is dismissed from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ebrak Yilmaz is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Berkay Ceylan is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fena Ekinci is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3525
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 3348
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 2905
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Yenimahalle branch this month are: 3600
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 4437
Meral Kocaman is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Abakay Aydogan is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Farise Sarac is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 3759
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 3410
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demir Yucel is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
Ayfer Arslan is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ersevim Ekinci is leaving from branch: Urla.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch this month are: 3886
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Durukan Kucuk is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Oguzeli branch this month are: 0
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch this month are: 113
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Mudanya branch is Aleyna Dag.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferid Ay is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Ozdemir is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 595951
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Egealp Kilic is leaving from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch are: 637341
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Aktas is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 586851
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 773
Ilgaz Duran is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch this month are: 1432
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Cetin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fermande Oz is dismissed from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
Hasbek Aydin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ekenel Cengiz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadice Dagdelen is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 574488
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Palu branch is Duman Mert.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 604835
Bahiye Erdogan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Genc branch are: 588397
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Leyli Yigit is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Jenin Koc is dismissed from branch: Dicle.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4023
Total bonuses for the Sile branch are: 544019
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 589244
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huri Ozturk is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karkamis branch are: 571785
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 4349
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch are: 575417
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baha Yuksel is dismissed from branch: Karkamis.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Meriç Bayrak is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Elvan Cebeci is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 639532
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fer Oz is leaving from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kayapinar branch are: 600069
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Gogen Gurbuz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karsu Gunay is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lamia Kocak is dismissed from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sincan branch are: 607326
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
Karanfil Durmaz is leaving from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erna Sahiner is dismissed from branch: Ayas.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch are: 582156
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dünya Alp is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ikram Ari is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karadut Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch are: 588196
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch are: 591205
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kafiye Arslan is dismissed from branch: Alacakaya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Husam Ari is dismissed from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
Asiye Koc is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urla branch this month are: 1693
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch are: 562455
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 641904
Bediz Buyuk is dismissed from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadis Uzun is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buyukcekmece branch this month are: 2834
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 626782
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 3268
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Eylem Kucuk is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erinç Yucel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Kara is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 3593
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urgup branch is Leylüfer Gunay.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karmen Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Kovancilar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Genc branch is Dildan Aksu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iyiturk Kocaman is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hadra Dag is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahmude Cengiz is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Isinkan Buyuk is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahtiyar Arslan is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 185
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bera Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karsel branch is Lamiye Polat.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Enginsel Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Burç Yavuz is leaving from branch: Arapgir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faysal Yigit is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Bahanur Tuncer is leaving from branch: Buca.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1162
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Kadife Balta is leaving from branch: Sincan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Demirezen Aydemir is leaving from branch: Buyukcekmece.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1421
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fikri Tuncer is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sultangazi branch is Duman Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 826
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 571031
Hejmar Yucel is leaving from branch: Seferihisar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ifakat Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavinya Cicek is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dalsar Ipek is leaving from branch: Sultangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
Canalp Aydogan is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 1991
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faize Ceylan is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Erim Karahan is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Mahzure Saglam.
Berk Tuncer is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Sari is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 1932
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch this month are: 1893
There is no such employee.
Ezeli Oz is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2452
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch are: 645743
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sivrice branch is Dalince Yilmazer.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dilay Acar is leaving from branch: Ergani.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ezra Yilmazer is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fırat Senol is dismissed from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch are: 601953
There is no such employee.
Dilaver Senol is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karkamis branch is Faysal Gurbuz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buca branch is Gazal Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 3429
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Cebeci is leaving from branch: Oguzeli.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
Gokben Dag is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Baldemir Ucar is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 616897
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sultangazi branch are: 588096
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Alkan is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hakikat Seker is leaving from branch: Ayas.
Edahses Kose is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
Huray Mengi is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Iris Ekinci is leaving from branch: Ayas.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 4042
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Gursu branch is Leyla Erkan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sile branch is Karaca Gunes.
There is no such employee.
İlke Duran is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Nilufer branch is Behin Ceylan.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazh Avci is leaving from branch: Urgup.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 5192
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Keriman Sahin is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
Ildiz Erkan is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 634164
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Benay Avci is dismissed from branch: Karsel.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Sincan branch is Cemresu Kucuk.
Eyşan Gunes is leaving from branch: Atasehir.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ferah Alkan is dismissed from branch: Mudanya.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ayas branch this month are: 137
There is no such employee.
Igdemir Mert is leaving from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch are: 601092
There is no such employee.
Benay Duran is leaving from branch: Siteler.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Mudanya branch this month are: 607
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kovancilar branch are: 615181
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Tuncer is leaving from branch: Sile.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faide Ucar is leaving from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch this month are: 435
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Alacakaya branch are: 597498
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Irsad Akpinar is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
Hilal Toprak is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Atasehir branch is Cilvekar Balta.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Dicle branch are: 613247
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Kemalpasa branch are: 635473
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Siteler branch is Janset Seker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch are: 599616
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 897
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Alacakaya branch is Fazil Yasar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch are: 619027
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kemalpasa branch is Istemihan Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Urgup branch this month are: 934
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Karaca Temel is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 992
There is no such employee.
Baran Gunay is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sivrice branch this month are: 1663
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Haveri Sarac is dismissed from branch: Genc.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karliova branch this month are: 914
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Delfin Cetin is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Palu branch this month are: 1378
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Sile branch this month are: 1804
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 627575
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Cilvekar Kilicaslan is leaving from branch: Gursu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Faris Nas is dismissed from branch: Kemalpasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Buyukcekmece branch is Kamuran Taskin.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Dirim Tuncer is leaving from branch: Yenimahalle.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Merzuka Ay is dismissed from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hazal Duran is leaving from branch: Mudanya.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Karsel branch this month are: 2255
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ayas branch is Hakan Kocaman.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Huseyin Oz is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2090
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Furkan Nas is leaving from branch: Palu.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Arapgir branch is Makber Toker.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Karliova branch is Leyla Avci.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Dicle branch is Maide Tuncer.
Manager of the Seferihisar branch is Hatunana Mengi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Seferihisar branch this month are: 3263
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Canel Aygun is leaving from branch: Urla.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Buca branch are: 629575
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2233
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 1564
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Felit Kose is leaving from branch: Karliova.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Lavin Avci is leaving from branch: Karsel.
Manager of the Oguzeli branch is Husam Yildirim.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kayapinar branch is Dilbirin Ari.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Fazil Toker is leaving from branch: Kayapinar.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Yenimahalle branch is Ekenel Alp.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Ergani branch this month are: 2846
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Orhangazi branch this month are: 2842
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Bayrampasa branch this month are: 3748
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Orhangazi branch is Erim Avci.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Aydemir Koc is leaving from branch: Sivrice.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Gursu branch this month are: 2200
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Ergani branch is Isa Kocak.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Firdevsi Aydogan is leaving from branch: Karliova.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch this month are: 2997
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Kovancilar branch is Esved Yildiz.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Bayrampasa branch is Gelincik Aygun.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Hattat Mengi is leaving from branch: Orhangazi.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Atasehir branch are: 579262
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Mahfer Kaya is promoted from Cashier to Cook.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Nilufer branch this month are: 4615
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Total bonuses for the Siteler branch this month are: 4007
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Ejder Yilmazer is leaving from branch: Bayrampasa.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
Manager of the Urla branch is Ferahfeza Aytac.
There is no such employee.
There is no such employee.
